 The date was August 10 in the year 2010 of the Imperial Calendar. 
The Holy Britannian Empire had just declared war upon Japan. 
The Far East island nation had held fast to its neutrality, and now Britannia looms as the world's only superpower. 
Rights to Japan's underground resources became a hotly disputed issue straining the already deep-rooted diplomatic tensions between the two sides. 
In the deciding battle for the mainland, Britannian forces introduced into combat the humanoid autonomous armored knight known as the Knightmare Frame. 
The enemy's forces were far greater than anticipated, and the Knightmares obliterated the Japanese line of defense on the mainland with little effort. 
Japan became a dominion of the Empire. 
The country was stripped of its freedom, its rights, and its name. 
Area 11. 
The defeated and once proud nation of Japan was rechristened with a mere number. 
Lelouch: I swear... 
I swear, Suzaku, so help me. 
I will one day obliterate Britannia! 
Britannian Police1: This is Alpha-3! 
Target is traveling from Delta-12 toward Delta-14, at a speed of 80 kph(kilometers per hour)! 
Britannian Police2: CCP to all mobile units. 
Declaring a Code 3 from floor 5 to floor 2. 
All units, take 2-8-8. 
I want the target intact! 
TV: Here's video footage of yesterday's terrorist bombings in Osaka
The secretary reported 59 casualties in this incident: 8 Britannians, and 51 others ...

Man1: You're out of time. 
From here on you'll make your moves every 20 seconds. 
Man2: Very well, I'm game. 
Hm? 
Did your substitute arrive? 
Man3: Thank heaven! 
I'm saved! 
Are things going well at school? 
Man2: What have we here, schoolboys? 
Lelouch: Hmpf. 
Well, look at this, a nobleman. 
Man2: I envy you kids today. 
You have so much time on your hands. 
Time for regrets...
What's your name? 
Lelouch: Lelouch... Lamperouge. 
Rivalz: Waoh! 
Now wait a minute! 
You can't win this one. 
It's impossible, right? 
Lelouch: Rivalz, when do you think we would have to leave in order to make our next class? 
Rivalz: Ah... 20 minutes if we bust our hump. 
Lelouch: Then be sure that you drive safely on the way back. 
Rivalz: Huh? 
Lelouch: I'll need 9 minutes. 
By the way, about yesterday? 
Man3: Understood, sir. 
We'll discuss it later. 
Man2: 9 minutes? 
You only have 20 seconds per move. 
Lelouch: Enough time. 
Man2: Hm? 
You start with the king? 
Milly: Where's Lelouch? 
Shirley: He went somewhere with Rivalz. 
Milly: What! 
Maybe it's poker this time? 
Shirley: They seem to forget that they're on the student council! 
They're off gambling for money! 
Lulu may be smart, yet he wastes his brain on stupid things! 
If only he'd apply himself in school, he'd get high grades! 
Milly: "Oh, I wish my darling Lulu would be a serious young man!" 
How adorable is that? 
Shirley: Please, madam president...



Nagata: Perfect! 
After we finally steal this damn thing...! 
It's all because Tamaki couldn't stick to Naoto's plan. 
And now we've got a problem! 
Rivalz: I love playing against the nobility! 
When they lose they always pay out of pride. 
By the way, 8 minutes 32 seconds is a new record! 
Lelouch: He also didn't have much time to move, either. 
And as opponents go, the nobles are tepid. 
They're just overprivileged parasites, that's all. 
Rivalz: Well then, why don't you challenge one of the Elevens? 
They're nothing like us Britannians...

Man: What are they trying to prove by killing innocent people? 
Woman: Those Elevens terrify me! 
TV: We apologize for the delay. 
Now His Royal Highness Prince Clovis, third prince of Britannia, will address the nation. 
Clovis: To all my imperial subjects! 
Including of course the many cooperative Elevens who choose to serve the empire of Britannia! 
Kallen: We're not Elevens! 
We're Japanese! 
Clovis: Do you not see my pain? 
My heart was ripped from my chest only to be torn apart! 
The remnants are filled with rage and sadness! 
However, as ruler of Area 11, I will not tolerate terrorism of any kind! 
Because the battle we fight is a righteous one, a virtuous battle to protect the well-being of one and all! 
Now then, everyone! 
I would like you to join me in observance of the eight who died for justice, in the line of duty. 
TV: A moment of silence, please. 
Rivalz: Well, aren't you gonna join in? 
Lelouch: Aren't you? 
Rivalz: Heh... 
It's sort of embarrassing. 
Lelouch: And I agree with you. 
Besides, spilling tears over those people won't bring them back to life now, will it. 
Rivalz: Dang! 
That's dark, buddy. 
Lelouch: It's all about self satisfaction. 
Doesn't matter how hard you try, you can't do it. 
There's no way you can change the world. 
Woman: You were magnificent, Your Highness! 
One would never guess that you were attending a party while doing that! 
Clovis: After all, the viceroy is the marquee actor of Area 11. 
I need to change costumes quickly. 
Woman: My! 
You're so self-confident! 
Clovis: It's all in the performance. 
Since the media want a charismatic prince, I give them one. 
Man: Untrue! 
Prince Clovis, our key purpose in life is to support and assist your reign in any way we can! 
Diethard: His reign is a pathetic sham...

Bartley: Y-Your Highness! 
Diethard: Hmm? 
A soldier? 
Clovis: Gad, how boorish of you! 
Bartley: I beg your pardon, Your Highness. 
My Lord...

Diethard: Not another appearance for him! 
Hope it's not as dreary...

Clovis: You fool! 
Bartley: The police were informed that it's medical equipment, that's all. 
If we scramble the army there'll be a record...

Clovis: Deploy the Royal Guard! 
The Knightmares as well! 
Britannian Army: Alert 1! 
Alert 1! 
4th, 7th, and 8th rapid reaction companies, as well as the 31st air assault Team, immediate scramble! 
Special Division 9, stand by for deployment! 
Rivalz: That first move you made...

Lelouch: Hm? 
Rivalz: Why'd you start with the king? 
Lelouch: If the king doesn't lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow? 
Rivalz: What's with that? 
Lelouch: With what? 
Rivalz: Do you fantasize about running a major corporation? 
Lelouch: No way. 
Ambitions like that will ruin your health...

Rivalz: Whoa! 
We're gonna die! 
Nagata: You idiot! 
Watch where you're going! 
Kallen: No! 
Not that way! 
Rivalz: Uh... Was that our fault? 
Lelouch: I don't think so--

Britannian Police1: Control, the target has crashed at the abandoned V.O. 
building construction site. 
Britannian Police2: The military will take over. 
General Bartley's command. 
Britannian Police3: Him?! 
Bartley: We have to retrieve it at all costs! 
That thing... in the wrong hands...! 
Lelouch: What the...? 
Rivalz: Oh man, this sucks! 
Looks like the power line on the bike got cut. 
Lelouch: Yeah... Rivalz, come check this out. 
Man1: Hey! 
Over here! 
Man2: Woah! 
Nasty crash! 
Woman1: What happened? 
Some sort of accident? 
Man3: Probably a drunk driver...

Woman2: It's always some moron...

Man4: Hey, maybe somebody ought to go help? 
Lelouch: All those idiots...! 
Rivalz: Wait! 
Girl1: What is it, an accident? 
Did a car crash? 
Man5: Look, the student rescue team has arrived. 
Girl2: Oh wow, I totally missed it. 
Woman3: So like, why doesn't somebody call for help, you know? 
Lelouch: Hey! 
Are you alright? 
Rivalz: Yeah, yeah, I know it's the right thing to do, but I wish the guy would quit flaunting his pride and just give it a rest for a while. 
Now we're gonna be late to school! 
Kallen: Nagata? 
Nagata! 
Lelouch: Can you hear me? 
Are you okay?! 
C.C. : It's you... 
Finally I have found my...

Lelouch: Where...? 
Are you in there? 
Lelouch: Stop! 
I'm in here! 
Rivalz: So, would you call that a hit and run? 
Lelouch: You'd think they'd stick a ladder on the inside, too. 
Britannian Army: Stop the vehicle! 
Surrender now and you'll get the chance to defend yourself in court! 
Stop and surrender at once! 
Give up now or we'll shoot to kill! 
Nagata: Now what do we do?! 
That's the army! 
Kallen: Have you forgotten? 
That's what I'm here for! 
Lelouch: If I jump out, I have the choice of breaking my neck or getting shot. 
I can try to call--

Kallen: Can you enter the subway via the Azabu root? 
Nagata: Kallen! 
Let's use it here! 
Why not? 
Kallen: Because that would mean a blood bath! 
Nagata: You're right. 
Lelouch: I've seen her before. 
Rivalz: Lelouch, come on! 
Where are you? 
We've gotta get to schoool! 
Britannian Army1: Target is moving from the settlement toward the ghetto. 
Britannian Army2: Copy that! 
Corner 'em! 
Britannian Army1: Roger! 
Britannian Army3: A Slash Harken?! 
A Knightmare! 
Lelouch: Crap! 
These guys are real terrorists! 
Kallen: You fellas know full well what this badass mother can do! 
Jeremiah: The rest of you, back off. 
I'll take this guy. 
I can only assume you dug that obsolete relic out of some scrap heap. 
An over the hill Glasgow is no match for a Sutherland! 
Not to mention a filthy Eleven who spurns the compassion of our glorious Emperor! 
Nagata: Kallen, we should both split up! 
Both of us can't risk being killed! 
Run for it! 
Kallen: But...! 
Villetta: Simpleminded Eleven. 
Kallen: No way?! 
It's stuck...! 
Jeremiah: Secondhand junk! 
I will admit! 
I really like your spirit. 
However...! 
Lelouch: No cell phone reception. 
We're out of range. 
Judging from the darkness and road surface, we must be driving along the old subway lines. 
They're heading for an exit somewhere in the ghetto. 
Getting out would be dangerous. 
Still... 
Okay, I've got it. 
I'm not big on military but I'll take their protection. 
If I give them a terrorist communicator...
Oh, wait. 
I forgot...

Rivalz: Some friend... Leaving me behind like that! 
Lloyd: Ah-ha! 
Bartley: What are you doing?! 
Lloyd: Looking at a man who blundered... Am I right? 
Bartley: Why, you...! 
Lloyd: You really screwed this one up. 
Terrorists came along and stole whatever it was that you and Prince Clovis were secretly working on. 
Retrieving it is simple, but you want to sweep up all of their compatriots in addition. 
Let the terrorists go and you can find their hideout, too. 
Congratulations! 
Your reasoning was spot on! 
Cecile: It was nothing. 
I just thought it was strange...
Bartley: Okay, that's enough. 
What is it the Special Corps wants out of this? 
Lloyd: I'm merely saying that I'd like to assist with the cleanup! 
Bartley: To assist? 
Lloyd: Correct. 
Because it's data I want. 
Cecile: Excuse me, but what in the world have they just stolen, anyway? 
Bartley: Chemical weapons. 
In other words... 
Poison gas. 
Royal Guard: The terrorists are hiding in the subway system. 
Your mission is to locate the weapon that they've stolen. 
Investigate the old subway system that runs through the Eleven residential district in the Shinjuku Ghetto. 
Report in the moment you spot them. 
Recovery of the target will be handled by us, the Royal Guard. 
You people bear the honorary title of Britannians now, but you were born Elevens! 
Therefore the stench of these monkeys oughta be a familiar one! 
If you want to earn the right to carry arms, then show some results! 
This is your opportunity to show your loyalty to Britannia! 
Britannian Army: Yes, my lord! 
Lelouch: An accident?! 
Or else...

Nagata: The tire's stuck... 
Please, Ohgi... Find me...! 
Britannian Army: 4-0-4 has sighted the target. 
Royal Guard: Roger. 
Prepare for recovery. 
Lelouch: Now I can use this chance to climb up...
Are you Britannian...? 
Suzaku: That's enough mindless murder! 
Lelouch: Wait! 
I'm not one of...! 
Suzaku: Planning to use poison gas! 
Don't play dumb with me! 
Lelouch: Get off me...! 
I'm not here by choice. 
And if that's poison gas, it was made in Britannia, wasn't it?! 
Suzaku: My god...! 
Lelouch: Mindless murder?! 
Then why don't you just obliterate Britannia! 
Suzaku: Lelouch? 
It's me, Suzaku. 
Lelouch: You... you became a Britannian soldier? 
Suzaku: Yeah. 
And what about you? 
You're a...

Lelouch: What are you saying?! 
Suzaku: That's not poison gas...? 
What is it?! 
Kallen: In all the confusion, I left it in the coat. 
Ohgi: It's okay. 
The Glassgow's circuits are usable. 
So, were we right? 
Kallen: Think so. 
I bet it's poison gas, like Intelligence said. 
Ohgi: And Nagata? 
Kallen: I don't know. 
I think he made it underground. 
Lelouch: Tell me the truth, Suzaku. 
Poison gas? 
This girl? 
Suzaku: Hey, it's what they told us in the briefing. 
I swear! 
Royal Guard: Stinking monkey! 
Being an honorary Britannian will not excuse you! 
Suzaku: But sir, I was told this was poison gas! 
Royal Guard: How dare you question orders! 
Lelouch: This is bad. 
A poisonous situation which would pose a threat to Suzaku's superiors if it's unleashed. 
Royal Guard: However, in light of your outstanding military achievements I'm going to be lenient. 
Private Kururugi, take this and execute the terrorist. 
Suzaku: But he's not a terrorist! 
He's a civilian who got caught up in all this! 
Royal Guard: You insubordinate little...! 
That's an order. 
Didn't you swear your loyalty and your life to Britannia?! 
Suzaku: Yes, but... but I can't. 
Royal Guard: What? 
Suzaku: I won't do it, sir. 
I won't shoot a civilian. 
I can't follow your orders, sir. 
Royal Guard: Very well. 
Lelouch: Suzaku! 
Royal Guard: Well, Britannian schoolboy, not a good day to cut class. 
Collect the girl. 
After you've secured her, kill the student! 
Britannian Army: Yes, my lord! 
Nagata: Death to... Britannia... Long live Japan! 
Bartley: They got away?! 
And you call yourselves the Royal Guard?! 
Royal Guard: Forgive me, my lord! 
The blast was mainly directed upwards, but the--

Bartley: Why the hell do you think I only told you people about this?! 
Royal Guard: W- We'll continue the investigation! 
Clovis: The plan has moved forward to the next phase. 
Bartley: But, but Your Highness...! 
Clovis: If knowledge of her gets out, I'll be disinherited. 
Tell them back home we're carrying out a planned urban renewal here. 
As Clovis, third prince of the empire, I command you! 
Destroy Shinjuku Ghetto! 
Leave no one alive! 
Man: Why are they doing this?! 
Woman: Dear, let's go! 
Man: Hurry! 
Britannian Army1: Okay, let's sweep next floor. 
Britannian Army2: The enemy is garbage that can never hope to become even honorary Britannians! 
Wipe out every last one of them! 
Jeremiah: Naturally. 
Britannian Army3: Supervisor Jeremiah, General Bartley requests that you take command of--

Jeremiah: Bartley has staff officers. 
I haven't had this much fun on the front lines in ages! 
Clovis: Hmph. 
Lelouch: What the hell are you?! 
This chaos is all your fault, isn't it?! 
Not only that, but Britannia has even killed Suzaku! 
Lloyd: Not there? 
Cecile: It looks like he's gone to the front line. 
Lloyd: Even though we brought the Lancelot here? 
Cecile: Now what'll we do? 
Lloyd: We steamrolled our way in here, but we don't have a devicer to use it. 
Lelouch: Stay quiet. 
Wait here. 
Royal Guard: Report. 
Britannian Army: We found only Elevens here, sir. 
Royal Guard: You're sure of it? 
That exit comes out here? 
Britannian Army: Yes, sir. 
It matches up with our map of the old city. 
Shirley: Huh? 
That jerk! 
He hung up on me ! 
I can't believe it! 
Royal Guard: What an appropriate location for a terrorist to meet his end. 
Lelouch: You scum...! 
Royal Guard: Still, you did well for a student, but that's to be expected. 
You're a Britannian. 
Unfortunately, my clever young friend, you have no future. 
C.C. : He mustn't die! 
Lelouch: You shot her! 
Royal Guard: Our orders were to bring her back alive if possible. 
Oh well, nothing can be done about it now. 
We'll tell our superiors that the Royal Guard found the terrorist hideout and killed them all. 
Regrettably the female hostage had already been tortured to death. 
What do you think, schoolboy? 
Lelouch: How can this be happening? 
First Suzaku's killed... And this girl...
Now, I'm about to die. 
Before I've had a chance to do a single thing with my life. 
It's gone in a heartbeat... Nunnally...! 
C.C. : You don't want it to end here, do you? 
Lelouch: What...? 
C.C. : You appear to have a reason for living. 
Lelouch: The girl? 
That's impossible! 
C.C. : If I grant you power, could you go on? 
I propose a deal. 
In exchange for this power you must agree to make my one wish come true. 
Accept this contract and you accept its conditions, while living in the world of humans, you will live unlike any other. 
A different providence, a different time, a different life. 
The power of the king will condemn you to a life of solitude. 
Are you prepared for this? 
Charles: A convergence with the Ragnarok connection? 
So the myth is beginning once again? 
Lelouch: Yes! 
I hereby accept the terms of your contract! 
Say...how should a Britannian who detests his own country live his life? 
Royal Guard: Are you some kind of radical? 
Lelouch: What's wrong? 
Why not shoot? 
Your opponent is just a schoolboy. 
Or have you finally realized? 
The only ones who should kill are those who are prepared to be killed. 
Royal Guard: What's happening here...?! 
Lelouch: I, Lelouch vi Britannia, command you...now all of you...die! 
Royal Guard: Happily, Your Highness! 
Fire! 
Lelouch: That was the turning point. 
Since that day, I've lived a lie. 
The lie of living. 
My name too was a lie. 
My personal history, a lie. 
Nothing but lies. 
I was sick to death of a world that couldn't be changed. 
But even in my lies, I refused to give up in despair. 
But now this incredible power... it's mine...
Well, then... 
The date was August 10 in the year 2010 of the Imperial Calendar. 
The Holy Britannian Empire had just declared war upon Japan. 
Confronted by Britannia's newest weapon, the formidable Knightmare Frame, Japan fell to its enemy in less than a month. 
The conquered nation was stripped of its freedom, rights, culture and dignity. 
Finally, even its name was taken away. 
11. 
The name of Japan and its people was replaced with a mere number. 
----------

Lelouch: I don't understand what it is you wanted me to do. 
Why did you give me this bizarre power? 
Villetta: How could all these Royal Guards be dead? 
What happened here, boy? 
And why is a Britannian student in a place like this?! 
Are you deaf? 
Answer me or I'll-
Answer me! 
Lelouch: I order you to come out. 
At once! 
Villetta: Who the hell do you think you are to order me? 
Lelouch: I see. 
It only works with direct eye contact. 
My name is Allen Spacer, my father's a duke. 
Villetta: Nobility? 
Lelouch: My ID card's in my breast pocket. 
After you confirm who I am, I'll request your protection. 
Villetta: Keep your hands up in the air, I'll take out your ID. 
Lelouch: Now then, hand your Knightmare over to me. 
Villetta: Understood. 
The code number is XG21G2D4. 
Lelouch: Got it. 
Villetta: What the--

 ----------

Lloyd: So are we having a bad day? 
Looks like you missed a chance to go to heaven, Private Kururugi. 
Suzaku: I did? 
Where? 
Lloyd: Hmm? 
Ah, we're still in the Shinjuku Ghetto. 
Cecile: With Prince Clovis nearby this is probably the safest place anywhere. 
This is what saved your life, Mr. Suzaku. 
Lloyd: You're lucky it was under your protective suit because that's what deflected the bullet. 
Cecile: Is it a keepsake? 
Suzaku: Yeah, very. 
Lloyd: You Elevens believe that gods live inside of everything, even objects, don't you? 
I guess this one--

Suzaku: Is Lelou-
What's the latest on the situation? 
Lloyd: It looks like the poison gas was released. 
Massive Eleven casualties have been reported. 
Cecile: They haven't caught the perpetrators yet. 
Suzaku: They haven't, huh? 
Not yet? 
Lloyd: Private Kururugi, how much experience do you have in piloting a Knightmare frame? 
Suzaku: But there's no way an Eleven would be made a knight. 
Lloyd: Well, supposing you could? 
Congratulations, the only Knightmare of its kind awaits you! 
Once you take the controls of this big beauty everything will change, you and your world. 
Cecile: Whether you want it to or not. 
----------

Kallen: Those damn Britannians! 
Ogi: Kallen, can the Glasgow still move? 
Kallen: Don't worry Ogi, it's all right. 
I'll decoy them! 
Get the people out of here. 
The only ones that'll be captured are those of us in the resistance. 
Ogi: I know but we're trapped, they've got us completely surrounded. 
Students: That's because you don't have enough leg strength, right? 
You're wrong. 
You sink when you get fat. 
Because you snack, right? 
I'll be fine, I burn up twice as many calories. 
Shirley: Ah, Lelou? 
What in the world have you been doing? 
Where are you now? 
If you keep cutting class, you'll get held back. 
Lelouch: Are you near a TV? 
Shirley: A TV? 
Lelouch: Sorry, but this is important. 
Shirley: Hang on. 
Hey, can I change the channel? 
Student: Huh? 
To what? 
Lelouch: The news, is there anything about Shinjuku? 
Shirley: News? 
Uhh, let's see... 
There's nothing on. 
Traffic restrictions? 
Lelouch :Why is it restricted? 
Shirley: I don't know. 
They're not saying. 
Lelouch: I get it. 
Once they finish everything off, they'll release news that favors the military. 
Shirley: Ooh, you're gambling again, aren't you? 
I've warned you before more than once how dangerous that is! 
Lelouch: Yep, you caught me. 
By the way, tell my little sister that I'm gonna be late home tonight, would you? 
Thanks. 
Shirley: Oooh! 
Why does he always hang up on me like that?! 
Announcement: The number you have called is beyond service range. 
Shirley: Oh darn it, not this again. 
Lelouch: They need to keep a lid on this information, so it'll be hard for them to call in reinforcements. 
They'll have to make do with the pieces they have on the board. 
But I'm hemmed in here, and it'll be tough to break through by myself. 
Gaining refuge carries its own risk, too. 
I want payback for being dragged into your fight. 
Jeremiah :It's our Glasgow friend. 
Kallen :Just 30 minutes left! 
Lelouch :The west entrance. 
Use the tracks to move to the west entrance. 
Kallen :Who's this! 
How do you know this code?! 
Lelouch :That doesn't matter. 
If you wanna win, you're just gonna have to trust me. 
Kallen :To win? 
Okay, what am I supposed to do now? 
Jeremiah :You pathetic Eleven. 
If you simply run away, this hunt hasn't much to offer in the way of sport. 
Lelouch :Since you trusted me, you're gonna win. 
Jump onto the train! 
Kallen :Gotcha! 
Jeremiah :You think you can get through that way, hmm? 
If that's your plan, then...
You! 
Go after the Glasgow. 
Military :Yes, My Lord! 
Jeremiah :What the...? 
Shot by friendly fire? 
What's your name and your unit?! 
We're after the one armed Glasgow. 
Oh my god! 
A terrorist?! 
Kallen :Aaaaah! 
Jeremiah :You son of a--! 
Kallen :You saved me. 
But how did you get ahold of a Sutherland? 
What? 
Where did he go? 
Ogi :Kallen! 
What the hell was that radio message earlier? 
Kallen :What? 
He contacted you, too? 
Ogi :Sure did. 
And Yoshida's group ought to be here soon. 
Lelouch :Are you in charge? 
Ogi :Ah, yeah. 
Lelouch :I present to you the cargo in that train over there. 
They're tools for your victory. 
If you want to use them to win, then follow my orders. 
Resistance :There's more in here! 
Resistance :Here, too! 
Resistance :Amazing! 
Maybe we should give this guy a chance. 
Kallen :All this? 
But how? 
Lelouch :Woman in the Glasgow! 
Kallen :Y-yes! 
Lelouch :Stay where you are. 
Your unit's gonna run decoy. 
You got that? 
Kallen :Understood. 
Lelouch :Energy filler status? 
Kallen :About 15 minutes worth. 
Lelouch :Then recharge it! 
In 10 minutes, I'll contact you with your next instructions. 
This is wearing me out. 
Regardless, I'll need determination to succeed. 
After all, I'm betting my life in this game. 
Bartley :The terrorists are mixed among the Eleven populous and they're mounting a minor resistance against us. 
But they pose little threat to our vastly superior army. 
Clovis :We know that. 
Moving on. 
Bartley :Understood, Your Highness. 
The gas capsules will be--
Clovis :What the public thinks. 
Bartley :Yes. 
We’ll keep searching for her. 
Clovis :Either way I want her captured dead or alive. 
Tamaki :Hey, are you certain about this whole thing? 
They’ve all had their IFFs removed. 
What if this is a trap? 
Ogi :The other side has total advantage in this war. 
They don’t need to set any traps. 
All right people, let's move. 
Get to your assigned points. 
Lelouch :P1, can you move? 
It operates basically the same as what you're used to. 
Ogi :Can’t you tell us who you are, at least your name? 
Lelouch :I can’t do that. 
What if these signals are being intercepted? 
Anyway, if Q1 is on schedule, enemy Sutherlands, probably two of them, will reach you in 23 seconds. 
Shoot them through the wall. 
Tamaki :Aaarrrg, he’s out of his mind. 
Ogi :Everyone, double check your weapons. 
Tamaki :What?! 
Are you serious? 
Military :Enemy spotted at point F 31. 
Clovis :A feint, eh? 
How pedestrian. 
Bartley :Tell Laslo’s squad to go straight in. 
Have Eugen and Valerie strike from the rear. 
Ogi :3, 2, 1 , fire! 
Military :Sir Eugen and Sir Valerie, both lost. 
Clovis :Hmm? 
An ambush? 
Lelouch :An ID signal can be a double edged sword. 
Besides, if the terrorists follow the orders I issue, my task at hand is sure to be completed. 
P1, P4, P7, move a hundred meter to the right and fire your slash harkens toward 3 o’clock. 
Ogi :You heard him. 
Do what the voice says. 
Tamaki :Damn, what else does he want us to do? 
Lelouch :P5, ready? 
Tamaki :Yeah. 
Quit calling me that. 
Military :Ah! 
They're using the same--

Military :The enemy's moving towards G 28. 
Bartley :Send Laslo's Squad, I mean [Glaubey]'s Squad! 
Clovis :This means terrorists have our military weaponry? 
Military :Sir [Glaubey] has ejected! 
His unit's been lost! 
Bartley :Change our codes, they're intercepting our transmission. 
Military :We already have sir, four times! 
Bartley :Do it again. 
Clovis :This failure is unacceptable. 
Bartley :...Forgive me. 
Lloyd :Good afternoon. 
Bartley :What is it? 
We’re in the middle of an operation. 
Lloyd :I’d say it's time to deploy the [ASEEC's] special weapon. 
Clovis :We've no time for this right now. 
Lelouch :R2, fire anchor. 
B7, use UN ordnance. 
N group, you'll continue your advance. 
Military :You bloody Eleven! 
Military :We just lost Laslo's Squad. 
Clovis :So do it. 
We’ll have to bring up Quincey’s squad. 
Bartley :My Lord, that will break the encirclement. 
Lelouch :Now then, the enemy has five options. 
Their move. 
Clovis :Reinforce the breach with some of the units guarding me. 
All we know for certain is that enemy forces are here. 
Jeremiah :Who ordered them to break formation? 
Lelouch :Well that’s a more stupid move than I expected. 
You, Q1, do you have an area map? 
Kallen :Yes, I have a map of the old town. 
But it has no current land marks. 
Lelouch :It’ll do. 
Clovis :All right, send in Burts and the others too. 
Lelouch :Mission number 3 now. 
Clovis :Concentrate our forces there. 
Surround them. 
Lelouch :Is everything prepared? 
Clovis :The enemy’s main force is that center dot. 
Finish every one of them off. 
Lelouch :Hm. 
Clovis :What?! 
Where's the enemy? 
Lelouch :With this, I call check. 
Lelouch :HAHAHAHAHA! 
My plan worked, didn’t it. 
I can do it. 
I can. 
I can defeat Britannia! 
Clovis :Who? 
Who in the hell am I up against? 
What if he’s even better than Tohdoh?
Lloyd! 
Lloyd :Yes, Your Highness. 
Clovis :Can it win, will your toy beat them? 
Lloyd :My Lord, please be so kind as to call it Lancelot. 
Z-01 Lancelot now activating. 
Lancelot activating. 
Releasing hatch. 
Z-01 Lancelot standby for activation. 
Pallet extension initiating. 
Cecile :Did you read the manual? 
Suzaku :Pretty much. 
Cecile :Well done. 
You scored at the top of the class in the simulator. 
Suzaku :Hey, look. 
About what you told me earlier. 
Cecile :Huh? 
Ah, it could be. 
But the possibility is nearly zero. 
Suzaku :But that means there's still a chance, right? 
Cecile :Yes, I'm afraid that's true. 
Even so, you're not to do anything reckless. 
The new system is not outfitted with an ejection mechanism. 
Suzaku :OK. 
I understand, Miss Cecile. 
That's it? 
Cecile :Yes, the advanced weapon developed by us in the Advanced Special Envoy Engineering Corps, Lancelot, the world's first seventh generation Knightmare Frame. 
Lloyd :Well, if you're ready, Suzaku, shall we proceed with the initial startup? 
Cecile :Initial startup. 
Now percieving from phase twenty. 
Equiping energy filler. 
Confirm pre-start. 
Energy filler now at full output. 
30 seconds to reach critical voltage. 
Core Luminance, shifting phase. 
Cecile :Initiating devicer setup. 
Confirming entry of devicer into Z-01. 
Individual ID registration confirmed. 
Confirm man-machine interface. 
Engage. 
Yggdrasil Resonance comfirmed. 
Rejection Responce, weak. 
Devicer's Stress Responce, weak. 
All readings, nominal...
Lloyd :So far, it's going per the data. 
...status, all green. 
Status of back up tactical bank, authorized. 
Secondary confirmation, given. 
Suzaku :Lancelot, activate ME-boost. 
Cecile :Lancelot, launch! 
Lloyd :HAHAHAHA! 
Running full throttle right out of the gate. 
Suzaku :Cooler than the manual. 
With this...! 
Tamaki :Huh? 
What is that? 
It doesn't look like a Sutherland. 
Lelouch :Hahaha... Another push and the check point will fall. 
Resistance :This is B group, reporting enemy presence. 
Lelouch :Hm? 
Reinforcements? 
Real battle is different, isn’t it? 
Status? 
Resistance :Every one ejected, but they took out four units in nothing flat. 
Lelouch :Enemy numbers? 
Resistance :Just one. 
I think it’s a new model. 
I’ve never seen anything like it- Ah! 
Lelouch :What’s happening out there? 
Resistance :Bastard! 
Lelouch :What? 
It reflects bullets? 
Resistance :Arrh, what do we do? 
Ishida! 
Ah! 
Lelouch :Useless so called terrorists. 
With all the resources they have, they're being beaten by one unit. 
Resistance :Damn it! 
Suzaku :Yes, I can do this. 
With Lancelot I can stop all this at once. 
Lelouch :N4, N5, hold there. 
When the rear units arrive, surround that thing. 
Resistance :Gotcha. 
We can't stop it! 
Lelouch :N units, what is it? 
What happened? 
Something I didn't foresee? 
Clovis :For heaven’s sake. 
Now I’ll owe my older brother a debt I don’t need to incur. 
It's for the best, though. 
Ougi :Ah! 
Lelouch :P1! 
Report! 
The enermy, can it really be only one unit? 
Cecile :These readings are even higher than predicted. 
Lloyd :It's because our pilot is taking his job very seriously. 
Suzaku : If I can stop all the Knightmares, then this battle is over. 
No matter what it takes, I've gotta save Lelouch and that girl. 
Lelouch :You mean this thing's what's ruining my plan? 
Suzaku :Are you the guy that's in command? 
Lelouch :Nothing more than a pilot. 
How dare he! 
No choice, I've gotta get out of here. 
Kallen :Hey, I’m returning the favor. 
I can't--
Lelouch :I must remember that the most vital element in battle is the human one. 
That damn monster's unstoppable! 
Suzaku :Bastard. 
He's tearing things up for no reason! 
Woman :Eeeeeeeeek! 
Lelouch :In the midst of battle he rescues someone? 
Hm, I concede you the tactical victory here. 
Nevertheless...
Lloyd :Huh? 
He saved someone? 
Lab worker :Yes, so it would seem. 
Lloyd :Hm... 
It's very strange of him. 
Woman :Ah! 
Cecile :Suzaku, are you tired? 
We'll call it quits for today. 
Suzaku :No. 
I'm fine. 
Please let me keep going. 
Lloyd :Be careful with his operational time! 
Cecile :Yes, sir. 
Lloyd :My, that boy's an excellent piece of equipment. 
Soldier :Stop there, your ID. 
This is Prince Clovis’s personal transport. 
Lelouch :At last, the check point. 
And barely guarded, per my plan. 
Soldier :Your plan? 
Lelouch :That’s right. 
Now I'd like you to let me pass. 
Soldier :Yes, sir. 
Understood. 
Ougi :Kallen! 
Man :It's your fault. 
This is what happened when you oppose the Britannians. 
Tamaki :What!? 
Why you gutless coward? 
Woman :How many people were killed because of this!? 
Tamaki :Shut up! 
Do you know how many of us were killed or captured? 
Do ya? 
Quit crying. 
Kallen :Ougi, who was that voice we heard? 
Ougi :Damned if I know. 
He doesn't answer when I call so maybe he b--

Tamaki :There, you see! 
Instead of following somebody we don't even know, we should've use the poison gas. 
Ougi :But he--
Tamaki :Damn Nagata to hell! 
Soldier :So this is where you Eleven vermin scurried off to. 
Prepared to fire! 
Kallen :Naoto! 
Soldier :Commence--



Clovis :Attention all forces. 
Cease fire at once. 
Suzaku :Cease fire? 
Clovis :I Clovis, third prince of Britannia and royal viceroy of Area Eleven, here by command you, all forces are ordered to cease fire at once. 
You also cease destruction of any buildings or property. 
All casualties, whether Britannian or Eleven, shall be treated equally and without prejudice. 
In the name of Clovis la Britannia, you are here by ordered, cease fire at once. 
I shall allow no further fighting. 
Clovis :Are you satisfied? 
Lelouch :Very. 
Well done. 
Clovis :And what shall we do now? 
Sing a few lively ballads, or perhaps a nice game of chess? 
Lelouch :That has a familiar ring. 
Clovis :Hmm? 
Lelouch :Don’t you recall? 
The two of us used to play chess together as boys. 
Of course, I would always win. 
Clovis :What? 
Lelouch :Remember? 
At the Aries Villa? 
Clovis :You, who are you? 
Lelouch :It’s been a long time, big brother. 
The eldest son of the late consort Marianne and seventeenth in line to the imperial throne, Lelouch vi Britannia, at your service. 
Clovis :Lelouch?! 
B-But I thought--
Lelouch :That I was dead? 
You were wrong. 
I have returned, Your Highness. 
And I’ve come back to change everything. 
The date was August 10 in the year 2010 of the Imperial calendar. 
The Holy Britannian empire had just declared war upon Japan. 
Confronted by Britannia's newest weapon, the formidable Knightmare frame, Japan fell to its enemy in less than a month. 
The conquered nation was stripped of its freedom, rights, culture, and dignity. 
Finaly, even its name was taken away. 
11. 
The name of Japan and its people was replaced with a mere number. 
Britannian Army: Why the hell are we letting the Elevens go? 
What about the poison gas they've stolen? 
Britannian Army: But it's by order of Prince Clovis. 
Britannian Army: What about Bartley? 
Get the general staff on the line. 
Britannian Army: They're not at their posts, sir. 
Britannian Army: Are you telling me Prince Clovis is alone on the con? 
Clovis: I'm overjoyed, Lelouch. 
They said you died when Japan was brought into the fold. 
What a blessing to have you back. 
We should depart for the homeland immediately. 
Lelouch: So you can use me as a tool of diplomacy? 
It seems you've forgotten why we were used as tools in the first place. 
That's right. 
It was because my mother was killed. 
Mother held the title of knight of honor but was a commoner by birth. 
No doubt the other imperial consorts held her in contempt. 
Even though you made it look like the work of terrorists, I'm no fool. 
You people killed my mother. 
Clovis: It wasn't me. 
I swear to you it wasn't. 
Lelouch: Then tell me everything you know. 
The truth cannot be hidden from me any longer. 
By whose hand was she slain? 
Clovis: My brother second prince Schneizel and second princess Cornelia, they can tell you. 
Lelouch: They were at the heart of this? 
That's all that you know, isn't it. 
Clovis: I swear it wasn't me. 
I had nothing to do with it. 
Lelouch: I believe you. 
However--

Clovis: Please, you can't! 
We may have different mothers but you and I are still blood. 
Lelouch: You can't change the world without getting your hands dirty. 
Milly: Wake up Lelouch! 
I know you were sleeping. 
Your hands stopped moving. 
Lelouch: Well, you don't have to beat me up over it, do you? 
Rivalz: Huh, serves you right for ditching me like that. 
Shirley: That's right. 
What was up with you yesterday? 
Lelouch: Um well...

Milly: That's enough, you guys. 
Let's not get side tracked here. 
If we don't come up with a fix for the club activities budget, there won't be money left for anything at all. 
Nina: And if it comes to that point...

 
Rivalz: The equestrian club will be pissed. 
We don't want 'em comin' in here on horse back. 
Milly: Rivalz, can't you be a more serious student council member? 
Shirley: You know, it would have been nice of you if you would have reminded us about this mess a day ago. 
Rivalz: I would have to say a day later. 
Then we would have given up. 
Lelouch: Good idea. 
We can still do that. 
Milly: GUTS!! 
Rivalz: Are you trying that guts spell again? 
Milly: Yeah, I want you people to start putting your all into this. 
Lelouch: I really don't think that your magic's gonna do a whole lot. 
Shirley: Actually it's got me going, Madam President. 
Milly: Supple and willing, that's what I like. 
Shirley: I train hard in the gymnastics club. 
Milly: That's not what I was getting at. 
You're a ten. 
Shirley: Huh? 
Milly: From what I've seen in the girls' bathroom anyway, you've been filling out in all the right places, huh. 
Rivalz: Heh, heh,

Shirley: What, what are you talking about, you perv? 
Shirley: Geez, our president's just a dirty old man on the inside. 
Sullying the meeting with her filthy mind. 
Nina: Yeah well, that's Millie for you. 
Rivalz: Look on the bright side. 
We got the budget balanced, didn't we? 
Student: They used poison gas? 
Student: Man, that's freaky. 
Student: Shinjuku's only thirty minutes from here. 
Student: Oh my god! 
I saw smoke rising over in Shinjuku, it must have been the gas. 
Student: Are they saying anything else about it? 
Shirley: Shinjuku? 
Lelouch: I heard about it in real time from a friend. 
That's why I called you yesterday. 
Student: Hey, check out the footage of those dead Elevens. 
Student: Oh! 
Don't look at that! 
Lelouch: This is strange. 
Why would they cover it up? 
Ugh-

Lelouch: Are they hiding Clovis's death to fend off anarchy? 
But if that's the case, when they finally do announce it...
Humph, I guess that I'm not as tough as I thought I was. 
Jeremiah: That ex-civil servant is such a fool. 
Villetta: So are you referring to Bartley? 
Jeremiah: The killer has breached our heaviest security twice already. 
This perfunctory inspection is a farce. 
Villetta: Margrave Jeremiah, now that Prince Clovis is out of the way, we pure bloods can...

Jeremiah: Let me make that call. 
We still need to woo everyone over. 
Student: Kallen! 
It's been ages! 
Student: Are you all right? 
Sophie's been worried sick all this time. 
Student: You're okay though, right? 
Kallen: Yeah, I just have to go easy for a little while. 
Lelouch: Of course. 
That's why she's so familiar. 
Kallen: Anyway, if I stay home any longer I'll never catch up. 
Rivalz: What's up, buddy? 
See something you like? 
You've got a thing for her, don't ya! 
Lelouch: Just thinking this a rare event. 
She hasn't been here at school since this whole term started. 
Rivalz: Kallen Stadtfeld. 
They say she's sick or somethin', and she barely showed up at school last year either. 
Still, her grades are at the top of the class. 
And she's a member of the Stadtfeld family, which means she's well-bred and rolling in money. 
Man, you sure know how to pick 'em. 
Lelouch: It's not like that. 
Rivalz: Aah, you don't have to hide it. 
A touch too sheltered though, if you ask me. 
Student: Aaaaah! 
There's a bee! 
A bee! 
Student: Oh my God. 
Kallen, run! 
Student: Hurry up and run! 
Kallen: I don't get it, why is a bee after me? 
Hm? 
I wonder if there's a hive nearby...
God, I hate this! 
I'm sick of acting like a freakin' invalid! 
Crap, he saw me...

Lelouch: There's no question, it's her. 
Kallen: Can I help you or something? 
Lelouch: I want answers. 
Kallen: Of course. 
Lelouch: Were you the one piloting the Glasgow in Shinjuku? 
Kallen: Yes. 
Lelouch: Why terrorism? 
Kallen: Because I'm Japanese. 
Though technically I'm half Britannian. 
Lelouch: Half blood? 
But why go so far? 
Kallen: Um, did you want something? 
Lelouch: No. 
I got what I wanted here. 
Oh, wait. 
Just to be sure. 
Don't tell anyone about Shinjuku. 
Kallen: What do you mean, about Shinjuku? 
Why would you say that? 
Lelouch: Go back to class. 
Kallen: As soon as I get an answer to my question, I will. 
Lelouch: It's not working? 
What's going on here? 
Shirley: Hey, Lulu! 
Kallen! 
You know, it's time to head over to the chem lab! 
You'd better get a move on! 
Lelouch: Oh crap, it's my turn to set up for class! 
It didn't work? 
But...



Sayoko: Well, what shall we do? 
He may be late again this evening. 
Nunnally: I'll wait. 
He said that we'd have dinner together tonight. 
Sayoko: There now. 
This one's finished. 
Nunnally: Ah, a bird? 
Sayoko: Yes, it's a crane. 
Nunnally: Amazing! 
The Japanese are so skillful. 
Sayoko: Lady Nunnally? 
Lelouch: I'm sorry I'm so late. 
Nunnally: Hi, Lelouch! 
Welcome home. 
Sayoko: Yes, welcome home, my lord. 
Lelouch: No place like it, Sayoko. 
Right, Nunnally? 
Bartley: As you know full well, the project was a complete failure. 
Therefore this research division is being gutted. 
Staff: Wha...? 
Yes, but--! 
Bartley: I've set up a place in Narita for you. 
Move everything out there. 
While we may have no memory of it, the fact is the other staff officiers and I left Prince Clovis on his own. 
I'm gonna be called out on the carpet for this back at home. 
When that happens, if His Majesty learns this experiment's got on without his knowledge, I...

Staff: Understood, sir. 
We'll start prepping immediately. 
Nunnally: Miss Sayoko was just teaching me about the art of the origami. 
Fold a piece of paper the correct way, you can make birds, boats, almost anything. 
Lelouch: Easy there. 
You don't have to tell me everything all at once, you know? 
It's not like I'm going anywhere. 
Nunnally: Yeah, you're right. 
Thank you. 
Lelouch: You're very welcome. 
Nunnally: I'm so happy, 'cause last night you scared me a little. 
Lelouch: Did I? 
Sorry. 
I just have a lot on my mind, is all. 
Nunnally: Hey, they say, if you fold a thousand of these cranes, your wish'll come true. 
So if there's anything at all that you've been wishing for? 
Lelouch: No, not really. 
What about you? 
Do you wish for anything? 
Nunnally: I wish the world was a gentler place. 
Lelouch: When the day finally comes that you can see again, I'm sure that it will be. 
Nunnally: Really? 
Lelouch: I promise. 
The truth is there are very few paths our future can take. 
The Ashford family is sheltering us for now, but how long can that last? 
If our identity is exposed, even Rival, Shirley, and the others will abandon us. 
We'll end up political tools, or casualty of royal ambition. 
I have to build a world where Nunnally can at least find happiness. 
Nunnally: Sayoko taught me this the other day. 
It's called a Japanese promise. 
Cross my heart, hope to die, eat a thousand needles, if I lie. 
Pinky promise song. 
Lelouch: Well that's scary. 
I may have to eat a thousand needles someday. 
Nunnally: That's right. 
So I'd better not catch you telling lies, okay? 
Lelouch: Don't you worry. 
I'll never lie, I swear. 
Not to you anyway. 
Lelouch: This is the only weapon I have. 
And I don't even know how to use it. 
Teacher: Lelouch! 
Class will be starting in a minute, you know. 
Lelouch: Oh, yes sir. 
Um, sir? 
What are the topics going to be for the essays on your next exam? 
Teacher: The humiliation of Edinborough, the transfer of the capital, and north and south war topics. 
Lelouch: So, I haven't lost the power, then. 
Sir? 
What exactly are the topics going to be for the essays on your next exam? 
Teacher: Right, very funny. 
Maybe you should try studying, huh? 
Just apply yourself, you'll do fine. 
Lelouch: Yes, sir! 
As I suspected, I can only use it on a person once. 
Ohgi: So, how's campus life treating you? 
Kallen: Stifling. 
I was stuck in history class yesterday. 
Look, maybe I should just head back. 
Ohgi: The army's on a high alert right now. 
Stay there, and let things cool off. 
Kallen: I don't know. 
What about the voice on the radio? 
Ohgi: Can't go looking for a voice. 
Besides, Naoto would be happy to see you back in school. 
Forget about Shinjyuku for now. 
I'll be in touch. 
Kallen: Shinjyuku...I guess he's right, but...

Lelouch: Don't tell anyone about Shinjyuku. 
Kallen: No, it couldn't have been his voice. 
Lelouch: The aristocracy was highly educated, with such an emphasis on edification and training, they produced a superior breed of ruler. 
And secondly, they possessed heightened efficiency, since only a small number of the very best were carefully chosen from their ranks...

Kallen: It could be...no, I can't remember well enough to be sure. 
Lelouch: All I did was simply mention Shinjyuku, but...

Kallen: If he knows who I really am, then...

Lelouch: At the first opportunity...

Kallen: I need to take care of him. 
Bartley: And the research center? 
Britannian Army: Transferred to Narita last night. 
Bartley: Right then. 
I pray you forgive me, Your Highness. 
Shirley: Hey Lulu, you coming along? 
Lelouch: Sorry, maybe some other time. 
Student: Yeah, I thought so. 
Student: You've gotta go straight home then, huh? 
Student: What do you have, a curfew ? 
Student: What's up? 
Lelouch: You think that you could spare a minute? 
I need to talk to you. 
Kallen: Sure. 
I was wondering when you were gonna ask. 
Jeremiah: I hope you can see how determined we are now. 
Bartley: But I've already told you! 
Jeremiah: That you don't remember? 
Still cling to that ridiculous excuse? 
Bartley: Just ask the others! 
They'll testify that... ! 
Jeremiah: Ducking the blame? 
You're pathetic! 
You shan't remain at His Royal Highness's side another minute! 
Kallen: I didn't even know this room existed. 
Lelouch: It's the club house for the student council. 
They built as a ballroom for various special occasions. 
Kallen: And we won't be disturbed inside here? 
Lelouch: Yes, that's correct. 
Shirley: Here it is! 
I found it! 
Look! 
This is it, right? 
Nina: What a relief you found our lab data. 
Rivalz: Good. 
My ass is killing me. 
Milly: Were you able to find it? 
I finished up on my end, shall we dig in? 
Rivalz: Wow! 
Shirley: Way to go, Milly! 
Milly: You adore me, I know. 
Lelouch: Um, what is all of this? 
Milly: Lelouch, don't you know? 
I thought that's why you brought her. 
We're inducting Kallen into the student council. 
It was my grandfather's idea, actually. 
Lelouch: The principal's? 
Milly: He thought it best, with her poor health she'd have a harder time with regular club activities. 
Oh, I'm Milly, the president of the council. 
Pleasure to meet you. 
Kallen: Oh, thank you, the pleasure's all mine. 
Rivalz: I'm Rivalz, the secretary. 
If there's anything you need to help with, I'm your man. 
Shirley: Hi, I'm Shirley. 
And I'm a member of the swim club. 
Welcome. 
Nina: Hi there, my name's Nina. 
Kallen: It's nice to meet all of you. 
Nunnally: Shirley, I'm sorry but, do you think you could set these on the table for me? 
Shirley: Oh, sure, thanks, Nunna. 
Lelouch: Nunnally, what're you doing here? 
Milly: This is Lelouch's sister. 
Nunnally: I'm still in the middle school group, so I can't be on the council yet. 
Rivalz: That's alright. 
You're an honorary member in our book. 
Nunnally: Hello there, it's a pleasure to meet you, Kallen. 
Kallen: Thank you. 
You as well. 
Rivalz: Right. 
Shall we kick this off with a toast? 
Shirley: Champagne? 
Nina: Yeah, but we're on the student coucil, we shouldn't...

Rivalz: Uh, come on! 
 Just relax.

Loosen up, you guys! 
 It's sparkling cider.


Shirley: No way. 
We're gonna get in trouble! 
 You swear?
Let me see that bottle. 


Nunnally: What's going on? 
Milly: Here, Nunnally. 
Rivalz: Lelouch! 
Heads up! 
Shirley: Ah...Ah...You aren't getting well with it either, Lulu...  C'mon, Lelou!
Let me see that bottle! 


Nunnally: What just happened? 
Milly: We have clothes for her? 
Shirley: Sayoko's on it. 
Kallen: This is why I hate Britanians. 
Lelouch: It's Lelouch. 
I've brought you a change of clothes. 
Kallen: You can come in. 
I've drawn the curtain already. 
Lelouch: Sorry about all this. 
I know they can be a little over the top. 
Kallen: That's okay. 
Nothing wrong with cutting loose every once in a while, you know? 
Lelouch: These are some of my clothes. 
Hope that's okay. 
Kallen: It's cool. 
Don't worry about it. 
That was fast. 
You went all the way to the boy's dorm? 
Lelouch: Actually, I live here. 
It'd be pretty hard for my sister to live off in the dorms. 
The principal of the school lets us stay here as a favor. 
Kallen: I see...

Lelouch: Anyway...

Kallen: Hey, wait! 
Can you hand me that pouch over there? 
Lelouch: Sure. 
...You really are a live-wire, aren't you? 
Kallen: Were you the one in Shinjyuku? 
Lelouch: What do you mean? 
Kallen: Don't play dumb. 
You brought up Shinjyuku the other day... Why? 
Lelouch: Why do you ask? 
Is there something wrong with Shinjyuku? 
Kallen: Don't answer my question with a question. 
Yes or no, that's all I wanna hear out of you. 
Lelouch: If I don't answer it, someone will come. 
That okay? 
Hello? 
Ashford Academy Student Council. 
No, this is...
Oh, it's for you. 
He says he knows you. 
Kallen: Hello? 
Zero: Glad you still alive, Q1. 
Kallen: Was I wrong? 
Zero: 16:00, the day after tomorrow. 
The observation deck at Tokyo Tower. 
Come alone. 
Kallen: Who are you? 
How did you arrange that cease-fire order? 
Hey, don't hang up! 
Lelouch: Did you say cease-fire? 
Sounds like you keep dangerous company. 
Kallen: Oh, um, that was...

Lelouch: Let me guess... You're talking about a game? 
Something on-line? 
Kallen: Yeah, you got me. 
'Cause, you know, I've been shut up in my house so long...

Lelouch: That's what I was warning you about, when I told you not to bring up Shinjyuku before. 
Seriously, some guys will try to show you footage of what happened that day and it's pretty damn grim. 
By the way, you know I can see you, right? 
Um, I won't tell anyone. 
Later. 
Kallen: I was wrong...



Lelouch: The council doesn't require much actual work, I guess. 
Beyond occasional paperwork, we'll sometimes plan school events. 
Kallen: So you mean like the cultural festival? 
Lelouch: Yep, like that, along with the cross-dressers' ball, the absolute silence party and swim suit day. 
Kallen: What's up with that? 
Lelouch: Blame our president. 
You'll be spending a lot of time with her. 
Hope you're ready. 
Nunnally: Lelouch, it's awful. 
Lelouch: What is? 
Milly: Prince Clovis has been found dead. 
Rivalz: They're saying he was killed. 
Jeremiah: Prince Clovis has been taken from us. 
He fought for peace and justice against all of the Elevens. 
He died a martyr. 
We must all bury our sorrow, and carry on his will. 
TV: We interrupt this broadcast with breaking news. 
The man suspected as the murderer has been captured. 
According to this report, the suspect is an honorary Britanian. 
Private Suzaku Kururugi, a former Eleven and honorary Britanian. 
I repeat, Suzaku Kururugi arrested for murder. 
Lelouch, a youth of Britannia, had been granted special abilities by a mysterious girl. 
Geass, the power to command others to do absolutely anything. 
And Lelouch is determined to use that power to bring the Britannian Empire to -540312402_1-open">its -540312402_1-close">knees. 
To avenge his mother, and create a world where his younger sister Nunnally can find happiness. 
All the while knowing at the end of his quest, the Britannian Emperor, his father, awaits. 
Or at least, that was the hope Lelouch carried in his heart back then...


Jeremiah: Do you know anything about this weapon? 
Suzaku Kururugi, it was the one used to rob Prince Clovis of his life. 
The barrel striations leave no doubt, and we've done a little homework on you as well. 
You're the eldest child of Japan's last acting prime minister, are you not? 
Your motive here is clear. 
Suzaku: You're making a mistake. 
I have never even laid eyes on that gun. 
Jeremiah: We've found your fingerprints all over this weapon. 
You're also suspected of murdering members of the Royal Guard. 
Come clean now, and you'll be judged as though you were born a Britannian, not some worthless Eleven. 
Suzaku: You're wrong! 
I've done nothing! 
Nunnally: That was Suzaku they mentioned on the news, wasn't it? 
Lelouch: Yep, it looks like he's still alive. 
Nunnally: Yeah, it's been ages. 
We haven't seen him since the war ended. 
Even we...
Nunnally: And Lelouch? 
Lelouch: What is it? 
Nunnally: It wasn't true what the news said, was it? 
Lelouch: Of course not. 
Suzaku would never do anything like that. 
They've just made a mistake. 
Nunnally: Yeah... must be. 
Lelouch: Right. 
Well...
Good night, Nunnally. 
Tamaki:
That's why we should've issued freaking statement sooner.we could've taken credit for it. 
Ohgi:
Naoto. 
I'm not cut out for this, I'm no leader. 
Old Man:
Yes, everything is just as you requested. 
We have the best in the business working on it. 
Once the slide system is in order, it's all yours. 
Once I've erased all of the evidence I should forget this ever happened, right? 
Principal:
Truely this is bitterly painful incident for all, the viceroy of area 11, our beloved prince Clovis has been lost to us forever. 
However, we can and will bear the weight of this tragedy, and from this darkest of hours draw strength. 
Lloyd:
We've lost the most crucial part of the equation. 
Cecile:
Can we do it without him? 
Lloyd:
Don't I wish. 
The other units never let go of a good pilot. 
And even if we got one, they never match his readings. 
His operational efficiency clocked at 94 percent. 
Then you wanna replace him? 
Cecile:
You should tell them that, perhaps they'll let Suzaku go. 
Lloyd:
He's an honorary Britanian, they'd never listen. 
Ever since general Bartley's disgraced, the purebloods have the military and I am gripped. 
Shirley:
The pureblood's what? 
Lelouch:
Well, from what I understand, they're saying that only pureblood Britanians should be allowed to serve in the military. 
Lloyd:
Their view is one of their own can never be a criminal. 
But if the criminal is an Eleven, it pays the way for Margrave Jeremiah to shut down the practice of granting natives honorary status. 
Cecile:
And what about Suzaku? 
Lloyd:
He is fake so but decided. 
Cecile:
Hmm. 
Rivalz:
Hey Lelouch! 
You got anything going on later? 
After all classes have been cancelled for the day, hawks have been asking for a rematch. 
Shirley:
You are not gambling you guys! 
Rivalz:
Come on. 
Don't be such a stick in the mud. 
Lelouch:
She's right though. 
Maybe it's time to quit. 
Rivalz:
Huh? 
Lelouch:
I found a better opponent actually. 
Shirley:
You did? 
I don't get it. 
Rivalz:
You'll cut me in on the action too, right? 
Lelouch:
A-Hahaha. 
Better not. 
It's not really up your alley. 
Guide:
Britania's resounding victory over Japan opened the unenlightened nation's eyes to it's true place in today's world order. 
Since then the empire and area 11 had walked hand in hand down the road to revival. 
Kallen:
16 hundred hours at Tokyo tower. 
Why here of all places? 
Sugiyama? 
:
It was Kururugi who contacted us wasn't it? 
Ohgi:
Hard to say. 
Yoshida? 
:
Yeah, but he might have been arrested after his communication with Kallen. 
Sugiyama:
Then we are in danger here. 
We should go. 
Announcement:
Attention please. 
Paging Miss Kallen Stadtfeld, Ashford Academy. 
One of your personal effects has been turned in at the kiosk on the observation deck. 
I repeat. 
Woman at the counter:
Hi. 
I'm assuming that this phone is yours, ma'am. 
Uhm, something wrong? 
It is yours isn't it? 
Kallen:
Ah, yeah thank you so much. 
Ohgi:
Oh yeah, there's no debating. 
Life is better here thanks to Prince Clovis. 
I mean it's all due to Britania that we can rebuild as quickly as we did. 
I'm happy about that...

Kallen:
Zero? 
Uhm... Hello? 
Lelouch:
I want you to board the outbound train on loop line five. 
And bring your friends. 
Kallen:
What? 
Jeremiah: You handled His Highness's memorial program very well, a little too weepy from my taste but...Diethard: Yes, well the masses tend to like tear-jerker, your excellency.Jeremiah: Spoken like a true TV-man. 
Still I have to acknowledge the finesse you've shown. 
You did well in the short time you had. 
-collapse: collapse; color: #404040;">One would almost think you were expecting His Highness to meet his untimely end.Diethard: It's quite common from memorial program to be set in advance for important people.Jeremiah: Does that including me as well?Diethard: Recent event may have bumped you up the list a bit your excellency.Jeremiah: I wasn't deemed important enough till now is that it? 
How forthright of you!Diethard: I'm afraid so sir.Jeremiah: Ever thought of enlisting? 
The army could use more men like you.Diethard: I don't think it would be a very good fit. 
Not really my cup of tea.Jeremiah: You prefer the civil sector I take it. 
No matter, I have another favor to ask of you. 
Tomorrow night Suzaku Kururugi will be transfered to his court-martial.Diethard: We should line the road with good patriotic Britannians.Jeremiah: Excellent. 
You catch on quickly don't you? 
Be sure the rabble can see his face.Viletta: Lord Jeremiah, there are those among the Elevens who see private Kururugi as a hero. 
Some might very well make an attempt to free him.Jeremiah: I'll be there personally aboard my Sutherland. 
If anyone even thinks of causing trouble, they will be executed on the spot. 
Announcer: Attention all passengers if you become aware of any suspicious items on board, please alert metro personnel by using the nearest inter-telephone.Kallen: What now?Lelouch: Face forward and look to your right. 
What do you see?Kallen: The Britannian city. 
It was stolen away from us and built on our sacrifice.Lelouch: And on the left?Kallen: I see our city. 
Remnants of the desiccated city after the Britannian sucked it dry.Lelouch: Good answer. 
Now make your way to the front of the train.Announcer: The next stop is Okubo. 
Okubo is next. 
Those wishing to transfer to the Chuo-Soubu line should exit at the next stop. 
Okubo will be next. 
Once again. 
Those wishing to transfer to the Chuo-Soubu line should exit at the next stop. 
Kallen: Was it you? 
On the phone?Yoshida? 
: Wow... Do you think it's a trap?Kallen: Well, was that you in Shinjuku? 
Was that cease fire your doing?Yoshida? 
: Hey, we're talking to you.Lelouch: What do you think of my tour at the settlement?
Ohgi: Your tour?Yoshida?
: Come-on, there is no way it was this joker.
Lelouch: I wanted you to fully grasp the two, the settlement and the ghetto.Ohgi: Yeah, we know.
There is a difference between us and them. 
A very harsh one. 
And that's why we resist them.Lelouch: You are wrong. 
Britannia will not fall to terrorism.
Ohgi: Fall?
Lelouch: It's a little bit better than childish nuisance.
Yoshida:
What was that?
You call us a bunch of kids?
Lelouch: You should know your enemy.
It is not people, but Britannia itself. 
It is a war you must wage, but not on the innocent. 
Take up your sword! 
Fight for justice!
Kallen: Oh please.
That's all easy enough to say, isn't it? 
Hiding behind that mask... why should we even trust you?
Yoshida: She's right!
Lose the mask!Ohgi: Right. 
Are you going to show us your face or not?Lelouch: Very well, I'll show you. 
But rather than my face, bear witness to my power. 
If I deliver to you the impossible, then I might have earned your trust. 
: He killed the prince of Britannia. 
Suzaku Kururugi should be treated as a hero. 
: Yeah, but he's an honorary Britannian. 
: Prime minister Kururugi was his father. 
: So what? 
The bastard gave up Japan, and people don't know that about him. 
: The whole Shinjuku business was the work of Kouzuki's group wasn't it? 
: Yes, sir. 
They're being led by a man named Ohgi at present. 
: Has Kururugi's family said anything? 
: No, sir. 
They broke contact with him once he joined the military. 
: Tohdoh, what are your thoughts? 
Tohdoh: We should not become involved in this public execution. 
: That's cowardly! 
You are Tohdoh, the miracle worker right? 
Tohdoh: There is difference between miracles and foolhardiness. 
Lloyd: Congratulations! 
Those two you asked me about weren't on the list of casualties. 
Suzaku: That's good to hear..

Lloyd: Not much luck on your end though, you may be getting a trial, but no one is pulling for you certainly. 
Suzaku: But the courts are where the truth comes to light. 
Lloyd: I expect there'll be more smoke and mirrors than anything. 
The truth is scarce of late. 
Suzaku: If that's how the world works, then so be it. 
I've no regret. 
Announcer:
Any moment. 
Any moment now. 
It's a sight to see. 
The throngs' lining the route. 
All of them waiting on bated breath. 
Waiting for the accused murderer of Prince Clovis to pass by. 
An honorary Britanian and a former Eleven Suzaku Kururugi. 
Diethard:
Camera 5 is a little slow. 
Talk to me, Charles, your team been deployed yet? 
What? 
The studio? 
Let them wait. 
Nothing has been pushed back. 
Everything is going according to plan. 
Here we go. 
Announcer:
I, I can see them! 
They have the suspect! 
Suzaku Kururugi is headed this way!Diethard:
Like clockwork. 
Huh, what a circus this is. 
And I'm as corrupt as any of them.----
Cecile:
This is insane. 
We know that Suzaku is innocent. 
Lloyd:
The court deemed our testimony inadmissible. 
There is nothing we can do. 
Cecile:
Yes, but...
Lloyd:
Is that altruism or humanitarianism? 
Cecile:
This isn't a time for a game of semantics! 
Lloyd:
Not much else to do? 
We both know where this case is headed, don't we? 
We couldn't reach him at the summit. 
All we can do is cut our losses, really. 
Announcer:
Voices of scorn growing ever louder. 
Voices bearing testament to a people's love of their prince. 
Raining their judgement down on a terrorist. 
Nunnally:
Suzaku! 
Announcer:
Margrave Jeremiah, integral in settling this case, will be presiding over the trial as acting consul.Tamaki:
No way the three of them can pull this off on their own.Ohgi:
He told us. 
He said he'd make the impossible possible. 
He gave us his word to save Suzaku Kururugi.Lelouch:
Right. 
No need to turn back. 
The die is cast.----Officer:
Acting consul Jeremiah.Jeremiah:
What is it?Officer:
Vehicle approaching the main highway from third. 
We just let it through as you instructed but...Jeremiah:
Do you believe the target could be a terrorist's vehicle?Officer:
Well Sir, it's Prince Clovis' car.Jeremiah:
The prince's car? 
Well looks like we've got a comedian. 
Don't worry about it. 
Just let them through to us. 
All forces hold here!Suzaku:
Ah?Sugiyama? 
:
Hey, they stopped. 
They really did!Tamaki:
Huh! 
It's just a coincidence.Yoshida? 
:
Yeah, but he said Jeremiah would try to hog all the limelight, make some sort of stand about it.Tamaki:
COINCIDENCE!Announcer:
This is not a scheduled stop. 
Could there have been some sort of accident? 
This is site 5. 
There is a vehicle approaching them.Jeremiah:
Huh.Announcer:
It's, it's Prince Clovis' personal transport! 
And it's heading straight for the cavalcade!Ohgi:
What a... 
He's coming straight at them. 
What is he planning?Kallen:
Hope they can't tell it's fake.Lelouch:
I see. 
Just you two then.Ohgi:
I'm sorry. 
We just need a little more time. 
If more people understood what we...Lelouch:
No, the two of you will do just fine.Kallen:
Huh? 
Come on! 
That's ridiculous! 
There will be too many of them!Lelouch:
With your help, clearing the task at hand will be child's play. 
I'll need this by tomorrow. 
All that matters is the exterior.Jeremiah:
You dare desecrate His Highness's transport? 
Come out of there. 
Huh?Lelouch:
I am Zero.Villetta:
Zero?Announcer:
Who is this person? 
This man calling himself Zero, standing before a full millitary convoy.Rivalz:
What is all this?Tamaki:
What the hell does he think he is doing?Announcer:
Who is this man calling himself Zero?Diethard:
Zero? 
What do you mean, like 'nothing'?Announcer:
Are we gazing on a terrorist? 
Certainly not the wisest if such is the case.Suzaku:
Is he an Eleven?Lelouch:
Now to return the favor, Suzaku.Jeremiah:
I've seen enough, Zero. 
This little show of yours is over. 
First things first. 
Why don't you lose that mask? 
What in the...! 
?Villetta:
Jeremiah, be careful, he's got the...Lelouch:
Yes, Jeremiah. 
You never saw inside this thing. 
So you assume it holds poison gas.Suzaku:
Wait. 
You don't understand...Announcer:
Can all of you watching at home see this? 
It's some sort of device, although its purpose is unclear. 
Stay with us and we'll see if this so-called terrorist has anything to say.Jeremiah:
You bastard! 
He's taken every Britannian here hostage, and he's done it without them even knowing it.Lelouch:
You intend to shoot? 
I think you know full well what will happen if you do.Diethard:
Unit 6 bring up the sound and get that camera right in his face!Staff:
Sir, it's too "hairy" out here.Diethard:
Damn, amatures!Jeremiah:
Fine, what are your demands?Lelouch:
An exchange. 
This, for Kururugi.Jeremiah:
Like hell. 
He's charged with high treason for murdering a prince. 
I can't hand him over.Lelouch:
No. 
You're mistaken, Jeremiah. 
He's no murderer. 
The man who killed Clovis was myself.Cecile:
Unbelievable!Lloyd:
The real culprit, hey.Announcer:
What? 
What does this mean? 
This masked man called Zero - no, we can’t be sure who he is - but in any case, he claims to be the real assassin? 
So where does this leave the current suspect, Private Kururugi?Ohgi:
Ah! 
Crap! 
There is no way out of this.Kallen:
We are so screwed.Lelouch:
For a single Eleven, you'll save scores of precious Britannians. 
I find that to be a bargain.Diethard:
This is all one big performance to him.Jeremiah:
He is mad, I tell you. 
Disguising this truck as His Highness’! 
He’ll pay the price for mocking the crown!Lelouch:
Careful. 
You don't wish the public to learn of Orange, do you?Soldier:
Orange? 
What's he talking about?Soldier:
I don't know.Lelouch:
If I die, it'll all go public. 
If you don't want that to happen...Jeremiah:
What are you talking about? 
What is this?Lelouch:
You'll do everything in your power to let us go, your prisoner as well.Jeremiah:
Right, understood. 
You there, release the prisoner.Kallen:
Eh! 
?Villetta:
What on earth are you doing, My Lord?Jeremiah:
Get that man over here.Villetta:
Hah?Soldier:
Should we? 
But ...Jeremiah:
Hand him over. 
Nobody gets in his way.Kewell:
No. 
What are you thinking? 
You can't do this!Jeremiah:
Lord Kewell, this is an order.
Announcer:
It's hard to tell what's happening from here, but it seems that Kururugi's release has been brokered!Suzaku:
So, who the hell are you?Lelouch:
As I thought, they didn't allow you to speak.Villetta:
If they get away, we'll lose everything.Kallen:
It's time to go, Zero.Lelouch:
Well then, tell next time.Villetta:
You cowardly Eleven. 
Lord Jeremiah, what are you ...?Jeremiah:
You heard me! 
Stand down now!Kewell:
They are not alone at all. 
They jumped right off.Ohgi:
It works! 
Now we can...Kewell:
You imbecile!? 
There’s nowhere for you to run!Jeremiah:
Lord Kewell!
Kewell:
Huh! 
Jeremiah:
Are you going to follow orders or not? 
And believe me, there will be repercussions. 
All units, do I make myself clear? 
Do everything in your power to help them get away. 
Terrorist:
Man, I didn't really think he could do it.Terrorist:
Yeah, who is this guy?Tamaki:
That's crap! 
How many times can a bluff like that work, anyway?Ohgi:
You gotta give the guy some credit though.Tamaki:
Huh?Ohgi:
Gotta admit it nobody else could’ve pulled that off. 
Not the Japanese Liberation Front, certainly not me. 
We’ve always thought that a full-on war with Britannian wasn’t a possibility at all. 
But maybe with him, it is.Lelouch:
It looks like they treated you rather roughly. 
Now you know what they're really like, Private Kururugi. 
Britannia is rotten. 
If you wish to bring change to this world, then join me.Suzaku:
So, is it true? 
Are you really the one who killed Prince Clovis?Lelouch:
This is war. 
Why wouldn't I kill an enemy commander?Suzaku:
And the gas? 
Those were civilians out there.Lelouch:
A bluff to help things along. 
The result, not a single death.Suzaku:
The result? 
That's all that matters to you, I suppose. 
Huh...Lelouch:
Come join me. 
The Britannia you serve is a worthless dominion.Suzaku:
Maybe that's true, but... but this nation, it can be changed for the better, and from within.Lelouch:
Changed?Suzaku:
And any ends gained through contemptible means aren't worth anything.Lelouch:
Wait. 
Where are you going?Suzaku:
My court-martial begins in an hour.Lelouch:
Damn, are you mad? 
The only reason they're giving you a trial is to find you guilty. 
The judge, the prosecution, and defense.Suzaku:
Rules are rules. 
And if I don't go, they'll start cracking down on Elevens and honorary Britannians.Lelouch:
But you'll die.Suzaku:
I don't mind.Lelouch:
Don't be an idiot.Suzaku:
An old friend of mine always used to tell me that. 
He'd say I was a fool. 
It's my weakness, I guess. 
I'd try to bring you in, but you'd just end up killing me. 
And If I'm going to die, it'll be in the service of the people. 
Even so, I thank you... for saving me.Lelouch:
You fool.Announcer:
Yes, apparently. 
Private Kururugi has made contact with the authorities. 
It would seem the Zero has released him. 
However now that the original charges against him have been thrown into question, it's very possible Kururugi would be found innocent and acquitted.Nunnally:
Thank goodness.Announcer:
For legal perspective on all of this, we now turn to our legal analyst ...Nunnally:
Miss Sayoko? 
Episode Preview: 
So naive! 
I was sure Suzaku would understand. 
Change the system from within? 
Ridiculous! 
The system will just swallow him up! 
It’ll eat him alive! 
I can’t beg for their charity to live my life! 
I just can’t. 
I won’t live by their rules anymore! 
Arabian Commander: Open fire! 
Arabian soldier: Gloucester? 
Arabian soldier: It's supposed to be in Serupham. 
Darlton: Shoddy oversized imitation Knightmares. 
Guilford: They would've been wise to surrender from the start. 
Arabian Commander: What? 
Arabian Commander: So Cornelia. 
A single unit did this? 
Cornelia: Another victory. 
Area 18 has been established. 
Subordinate: My Lady, about our next course of action. 
Cornelia: Sorry to have you clean up after my foolish younger brother. 
Subordinate: Please don't apologize, my Lady. 
We live to serve and our place is with you. 
Cornelia: Humph. 
Do you think the Area 11 needs our usual treatment? 
Subordinate: Yes, my Lady. 
Cornelia: Good. 
Cornelia: I'll drive you into the open, Zero. 
Clovis will be avenged. 
Lelouch: I'm back. 
C.C. : Welcome home, Lelouch. 
Nunnaly: I'm so glad. 
I was worried. 
C.C. : I'm assuming you ate out tonight judging from your appearance. 
Nunnaly: Thank goodness. 
I thought maybe you've gotten caught up in all the uproar caused by that man Zero. 
I tried calling you but you didn't answer your cellphone. 
I wanted to tell you Ms. 
C.C. 's been waiting as well. 
Lelouch: C.C.? 
Nunnaly: Your friend goes by such an unusual name, only her initials. 
Lelouch: Yeah. 
Nunnaly: I was just wondering, is C.C. your girlfriend? 
Lelouch: Huh? 
C.C. : He made a promise about our future together. 
Right? 
Lelouch: Huh? 
Nunnaly: A future together? 
You mean marriage? 
Lelouch: No! 
No, that isn't what she was talking about. 
It's like a... she's kidding around. 
C.C. : No, I'm not. 
Nunnaly: Well you're certainly doing this sooner than most. 
But everyone's different, aren't they? 
So I suppose it isn't THAT strange. 
And if you feel like you're ready for...

Nunnaly: Oh. 
Lelouch: Oh, C.C. Look what you've done, you're soaking wet. 
Come on, let's get you to the bathroom and into a dry change of clothes. 
Nunnaly, stay here and I'll clean it up in a minute. 
And she was kidding before. 
Kidding. 
Just a dumb joke. 
That's all. 
Lelouch: Who are you? 
C.C. : She said my name. 
I'm C.C. Lelouch: That's not I meant. 
Why aren't you...

C.C. 
: Supposed to be dead? 
Lelouch: Hmm...

C.C. 
: So, do you like the power that I gave you? 
Lelouch: As I thought, it was you. 
C.C. : Dissatisfied? 
Lelouch: On the contrary, I'm grateful. 
It allows me speed up my schedule tremendously, which is a huge help. 
C.C. : Your schedule? 
Lelouch: Yes. 
My schedule for obliterating Britania. 
I would've had to wait much longer before I could've made the initial move. 
C.C. : You believe you can destroy it simply by using that power? 
Lelouch: I intended to do it without this power. 
C.C. : I just knew that he'd turn out to be a fascinating guy. 
Lelouch: But what'll you do now? 
I'm sure the military is after you. 
C.C. : Not the entire military, only a small faction of it. 
So it shouldn't be difficult to find hiding place. 
I can make do here. 
Lelouch: What? 
You expect to stay here? 
C.C. : A gentleman would sleep on the floor. 
Lelouch: Don't joke around. 
C.C. : My being caught would cause trouble for you too. 
Lelouch: It's dangerous to stay together. 
C.C. : If I wander the streets, they'll find me. 
Lelouch: This isn't about you. 
It's my situation. 
C.C. : I hate stubbornness. 
Lelouch: You sure take things casually, don't you? 
How did you manage to survive before this? 
What did you do before now? 
And what's the deal with that so-called contract you spoke of...

C.C. 
: Good night, Lelouch. 
Lelouch: Hmm...







Cecile: Fukushima, Kouchi, Hiroshima. 
This has been the seventh occurence since that man named Zero raised his head. 
Lloyd: It seems the other groups are following his lead and putting up a valiant fight. 
Cecile: And now, suspicions about that "Orange" thing have cost Margrave Jeremiah his command. 
Lloyd: Maybe he wasn't good enough. 
Thanks to him, connections between the police and the administration are screwed up. 
It's made a fine mess for us as well. 
Senba? 
: Help them Tohdoh! 
Zero has thrown the Britannians into chaos. 
Now is the time for us in the Japan Liberation Front to make our stand! 
Tohdoh: Calm down. 
The information of Kyoto giving the Guren Mk-II to Zero hasn't been confirmed. 
If we pay too much attention to Zero we may trip ourselves up. 
C.C. : So, what did "Orange" turn out to be anyway? 
Lelouch: Hunh. 
C.C. : Well? 
Lelouch: You know for someone who isn't willing to answer any questions, you certainly do ask a lot of them. 
C.C. : If you don't want to answer my questions, you don't have to. 
Just as I don't. 
Lelouch: Humph. 
There is no "Orange". 
It's something I made up. 
But, the more they claim to be comrades of like-mind, the easier it is to divide them with the thorns of suspicion. 
C.C. : H'm. 
C.C. : Everyone on earth is looking for you. 
Because of you the world is going through an upheaval. 
So, is this it? 
Is this what you wanted to see? 
Lelouch: No. 
This uproar's simply a means to an end. 
The world is destined to descended into a greater chaos. 
Judge: Case No.107 Private Suzaku Kururugi, Area 11 Military Forces. 
In the murder of His Highness Prince Clovis you are no longer a suspect, and are hereby set free due to lack of evidence. 
Suzaku: What happened? 
I'm free. 
Euphemia: Out of the way, please. 
Look out below! 
Euphemia: Oh! 
Suzaku: Uh, are you all right? 
Euphemia: I'm sorry. 
I wasn't aware you were down here until I had leapt. 
Suzaku: Well, don't worry. 
I wasn't expecting a girl to come falling out of the sky and into my arms, either. 
Euphemia: Oh, my...

Suzaku: Huh? 
Is there something wrong? 
Euphemia: Yes! 
There is something wrong. 
Suzaku: Huh? 
Euphemia: The truth is bad guys are chasing me. 
So considering the circumstances could you help me, please? 
Pure Bloods member: We must get rid of this "Orange" character before Princess Cornelia assumes her new post. 
Pure Bloods member: Now the loyalty of us Pure Bloods is being called into question. 
Pure Bloods member: Are the reports we've been hearing true? 
Lord Jeremiah was bribed? 
Pure Bloods member: Do you know what this "Orange" means? 
Pure Bloods member: Ugh. 
Pure Bloods member: In any case, Lord Jeremiah is definitely hiding something. 
Pure Bloods member: Saying he can't recall anything, Bartley offered the same excuse. 
Villetta: Lord Jeremiah's memory is muddled. 
Exactly like those of the men in Shinjuku whose Sutherlands were stolen. 
And...





Euphemia: We haven't introduced ourselves yet, have we? 
My name is... Euphie. 
Suzaku: Euphie? 
Euphemia: Yes. 
Suzaku: My name's ...

Euphemia: Don't tell me. 
Suzaku: Huh? 
Euphemia: 'Cause I already know it. 
You're a celebrity, son of Prime Minister Genbu Kururugi, Private Suzaku Kururugi. 
Suzaku: Humph. 
You lied before. 
There's no one chasing you at all, right? 
Euphemia: Meow! 
Suzaku: What? 
Euphemia: Meow meow. 
Aww, does the kitty's paw hurt? 
Oh, meow meow meow! 
Kitten: Meow? 
(Sniff-sniff) Meow! 
Euphemia: Meow meow. 
Euphemia: (Tittering)

Suzaku: H'm...huh. 
Kitten: (Chomp!) 
Suzaku: Aargh! 
Euphemia: Oh, my...



Lloyd: We're running late. 
I hope he's still waiting for us. 
Cecile: Considering the charge, did they really release him? 
Lloyd: Yes. 
They had no evidence. 
I'm sure they put him through the third degree because of that Zero incident, uh-huh? 
Lloyd: What? 
Why is he...

Cecile: Aha. 
Sound truck: If you want to enjoy...

Euphemia: Do you have trouble with cats? 
Suzaku: H'm. 
I like them fine. 
However...

Kitten: Grrr...

Suzaku: H'm. 
The attraction isn't mutual. 
Euphemia: I think an unrequited love is a mark of a kind person. 
Oh. 
Suzaku: Oh. 
Euphemia: The kitty ran away. 
Suzaku: Oo. 
Euphie, why did you tell me that lie when we met? 
Euphemia: Do you ask because you're concerned about me? 
Suzaku: Huh? 
Um... of course. 
Euphemia: Good! 
Then you can accompany me some more. 
Suzaku: Alright. 
Euphemia: Come on. 
It'll be fun. 
Euphemia: You know, being here is just like being in Britania. 
I feel right at home. 
Suzaku: Are you from the homeland? 
Euphemia: Uh-huh. 
I was a student there up until last week. 
Suzaku: Last week? 
So what're you doing now? 
By student do you mean high school? 
You can go sightsee anytime, can't you? 
Euphemia: Heh-heh. 
You ask a lot of questions. 
Suzaku: Ah, sorry. 
Euphemia: Oh! 
No, I don't mean it like that. 
You see... today is the last day of my vacation. 
I wanted to see as much of Area 11 as I could because I'd like to know what kinda place it is. 
Suzaku: Well, you didn't need me for that. 
Euphemia: No, I'm glad I could see it with you. 
Suzaku: Is that right? 
Euphemia: Suzaku, would you mind taking me to one more place, please? 
Suzaku: Your wish is my command, my Lady. 
Where to? 
Euphemia: Take me to Shinjuku. 
Suzaku: Uh,

Euphemia: Suzaku Kururugi, please escort me there. 
Kallen: Lelouch? 
Lelouch: Hm? 
Kallen: Do you have a minute? 
Lelouch: Uh-huh. 
What is it? 
Kallen: About that phone call the other day. 
Lelouch: A phone call? 
Kallen: Yeah, you know, when you and I were in the bathroom. 
Lelouch: Uh-huh. 
Kallen: Can you find out what the caller ID was? 
I want to contact that person again. 
Lelouch: It was a school phone, so I'm not sure such... 
EEK!? 
Kallen: I see. 
Make sense. 
I should have known. 
Lelouch: That girl...

Kallen: What? 
Is there something wrong...Woa? 
Shirley: Huh? 
No way. 
Kallen: Excuse me. 
What are you doing? 
Lelouch: Ah... what indeed. 
Bartley: To think I turn to homeland like this, I wish I never involved the damn girl. 
Lelouch: Are you insane? 
You can't go walking around. 
C.C. : Don't act strict with me, I never leave the school ground so it's fine. 
Lelouch: It's not. 
You can't do as you like here, you don't belong. 
C.C. : I don't belong anywhere. 
Hmm? 
What's with her? 
Lelouch: Oh, is she doing again today? 
C.C. : Again? 
Lelouch: She is going to be marking the wall like that every day, because I used my Geass on her to make her do it. 
C.C. : Geass? 
Lelouch: The name of the power I have. 
That's what I heard when we first made contact. 
C.C. : You testing how long it lasts? 
Lelouch: I need to know the specs of my weapon, don't I? 
So behave or I'll try it on you. 
C.C. : Would it work on me? 
C.C. : Oh relax, you and I are in this together, I won't do anything to endanger us or our unique partnership. 
Suzaku: The Shinjuku Ghetto... ruined again. 
The residents were starting to return too. 
Britannian: Man, they didn't use RG on the Elevens. 
I figured they wouldn't. 
Britannian: Hey, look! 
Those are marks of Hummer rounds. 
Get a clear shot of it. 
Britannian: Say cheese! 
Got it. 
Okay, me next. 
Jeremiah: This is accurate? 
This information about Zero? 
Pure Bloods Operator: Yes, sir. 
Lord Kewell contacted me. 
Jeremiah: Right. 
Set up a cordon around Shinjuku Ghetto Sector 4 at once. 
Pure Bloods Operator: Cordon Sector 4. 
Roger. 
Okay, ball's in your court now, Lord Kewell. 
Ugh! 
Villetta: I wanted to be put through to Lord Jeremiah. 
But it appears that you're too busy now. 
Tamaki: Get out of here, you damn Britanian bastards! 
Euphemia: Eh? 
Suzaku: Stay here. 
Britanian: How dare a lowly Eleven speak like...

Tamaki: Don't call me Eleven! 
I'm Japanese. 
Britanian: Wrong. 
You seem to forget you people lost. 
You're nothing but a beaten dog! 
Tamaki: Grrr... you racist pig. 
Suzaku: Stop. 
Please no violence! 
Tamaki: Stay out of this! 
??? 
: You're that... 
??? 
: Are you Suzaku Kururugi? 
??? 
: The guy who killed Clovis? 
??? 
: No, it... it... it was Zero who killed him. 
Tamaki: Tchick. 
This guy is nothing more than a slave. 
Big deal. 
You're an honorary Britanian. 
Nobody cares. 
You sold your pride, your people, yourself, yet you call yourself Japanese? 
Suzaku: No! 
You're wrong! 
Tamaki: I am not wrong! 
You stinking Britanian lapdog aaah...

Others: Ah. 
Tamaki: Oh! 
Suzaku: Stop, please! 
Tamaki: (grunt)

Suzaku: I've warn you I've been trained for military combat. 
Don't make me fight against my own people. 
Tamaki: Like hell your own people! 
Eleven: Come on. 
Just let it go. 
Tamaki: Oof, lousy traitor. 
Euphemia: Suzaku. 
Euphemia: Oh, my... Are you okay? 
Suzaku: Yeah, I'm alright. 
Britanian: Well I'm not O.K. 
Just look at my prime-G and my elex-4. 
Britanian: Why did you wait? 
Damn it, some honorary citizen you are. 
Britanian: Why'd you let 'em go? 
You should have killed 'em. 
What's a few dead elevens to a guy like you! 
Who do you think's taking care of you all these years anyway? 
Ugh! 
Euphemia: I'll not allow you to insult this man any longer you oaf. 
Lelouch: To use my Geass, I need to have direct eye contact with the subject. 
Transparent objects like eyeglasses present no problem. 
The effective range is approximately 270 meters. 
And a subject appears to have no memory of events before, during, or after the power is used. 
I think this is due to damage caused by the Geass interfering with the brain of the subject. 
Also if the signal's optical I can reflect it. 
C.C. : In the short time you had it, you've learned a lot. 
Lelouch: My opponent is an Empire that controls more than 1. 
There's no such thing as being too careful. 
C.C. : I'd understand if you were an Eleven, but you are a Britannian, aren't you? 
This opponent may be too large and strong to fight with only Geass for a weapon. 
Lelouch: Is it good to be strong? 
Suzaku: Is it bad to be weak? 
Suzaku: Back then when I was ten, the world seemed like such a terribly sad place. 
A world without any hope at all. 
Lelouch: Starvation,
Suzaku: disease,
Lelouch: filth, decay,
Suzaku: racism,
Lelouch: constant war and terrorism. 
Suzaku: Living in a never-ending cycle of hate. 
Lelouch: Rats running in a wheel. 
Suzaku: The cycle must be broken. 
Somebody has to do it. 
C.C. : How idealistic. 
Suzaku: Of course, it's doubtful if the one who does it will make all the bad things go away. 
Lelouch: I'm not that arrogant, and so...

Suzaku: No one should lose more of the people they love. 
At least, a world without war. 
C.C. : And to have this utopia you'd...? 
Euphemia: How would you do it? 
Lelouch: It's simple. 
When somebody wins, the fighting will end. 
C.C. : Somebody? 
Suzaku: I don't know how you would do it. 
But if I stop trying, then my father's death will have been in vain. 
Euphemia: The Prime Minister's death? 
Suzaku: My own father died, because he had to sacrifice his life in that war. 
Euphemia: Ah. 
Kewell: Jeremiah. 
You are going to pay for letting Prince Clovis' murderer go free. 
Jeremiah: Kewell! 
You dirty coward. 
That sighting of Zero was a lie, wasn't it? 
Kewell: We have to wipe away our disgrace before Princess Cornelia takes up her post here. 
Kewell: This is how we keep our officials honest. 
Cecile: Suzaku! 
Suzaku: Miss Cecile. 
Cecile: It's dangerous here, get in. 
Lloyd: The Pure Bloods are having a silly squabble. 
Let's get out of here. 
Oh, and by the way, what a shame about your acquittal. 
Because now you'll have to work for me again. 
Suzaku: Wait, please! 
Isn't this an opportunity to gather battle data for the Lancelot? 
Cecile: Ah? 
Lloyd: Oho? 
Euphemia: Suzaku...

Suzaku: I'm sorry, Euphie. 
We have to say goodbye here. 
I need to do this. 
I think I can stop them with the Lancelot. 
I have to try. 
I... 
I must! 
Jeremiah: Damn, it's four against one. 
Cowards! 
Kewell: Don't worry Jeremiah. 
We'll say you died in battle. 
Your family's name won't be disgraced. 
Jeremiah: You're serious then? 
You actually intend to kill me? 
Kewell! 
Kewell: Silence, Orange! 
We serve the Imperial family. 
Why else would we be here? 
All Hail... 
Pure Bloods: Britannia! 
Kewell: What, ugh...



Suzaku: Stop it! 
You're all Britannian soldiers! 
Jeremiah: That's him, it's that Honorary Britannian. 
The advanced weapon, Lancelot. 
Kewell: What business of the Special Corps want here? 
Interlopers will die. 
Suzaku: No! 
I can't stand by and ignore this senseless battle. 
Kewell: Oh my God. 
They've perfected the MVSes. 
Too late, I won't back down. 
Suzaku: We're on the same side! 
Jeremiah: Suzaku Kururugi... is saving me? 
Kewell: We can at least kill Orange. 
Kewell  Jeremiah: Grrrr

Viletta: Lord Jeremiah! 
Jeremiah: Viletta! 
Thanks. 
Suzaku: Still wanna fight? 
Kewell: Men, stand down. 
Suzaku: You... you understand then? 
Kewell: I'm using a chaos mine. 
Suzaku: Huh? 
Euphie: No, stop it now! 
Suzaku: Ah. 
Jeremiah: What? 
Euphie: Ahh! 
Suzaku: Nng, ahh

Euphie: Ah. 
Hmph. 
Viletta: That Honorary Britannian. 
He risked his life for...

Euphie: Everyone, lower your weapons at once. 
In my name I command you. 
Kewell: It...can't be. 
Euphie: I am Euphemia li Britannia of the Empire. 
And the third princess of the royal family. 
Suzaku: Ah! 
Euphie. 
Euphie: I'm assuming command here. 
Now fall back. 
Jeremiah: It is her, it's the princess. 
Cecile: Did you know it was her, Lloyd? 
Lloyd: Uh-huh, but she's been a student up until now and hasn't made her public debut yet. 
Kewell: We, we're truly... 
Pure Bloods: We're truly sorry, your Highness! 
Suzaku: My Lady! 
Euphie: Ah. 
Suzaku: I had no idea who you were. 
Please forgive me, Princess. 
Euphie: Suzaku, you and I bear a similar deep pain. 
You have lost your father as I have lost my brother. 
Suzaku: Ah. 
Euphie: Will you let me help you in your quest to ensure that no one ever again has to suffer the loss of a loved one on the battlefield. 
Suzaku: Yes I'm unworthy of your kindness. 
Cornelia: I heard what you did, Euphemia. 
You shouldn't be so reckless. 
Euphemia: I know, Sister. 
Forgive me. 
But...

Cornelia: You will address me as Viceroy here, Sub-Viceroy Euphemia. 
Because we're sisters we need to follow a stricter protocol. 
Euphemia: Yes, I understand. 
Cornelia: Humph. 
Now then, give me your report. 
Subordinate: Yes, my Lady. 
The first order of business is a welcome party we've arranged for your Highness and... Oh! 
Euphemia: Ah. 
Cornnelia: Sloppy, senile, corrupt. 
Where is Zero? 
I want the enemy of the Empire caught! 
Get Zero! 
Lelouch: Huh? 
Suzaku: I'll be joining the student body here at Ashford Academy beginning today. 
My name is Suzaku Kururugi. 
It's a pleasure to meet you. 
次回予告

Lelouch: Yes, I understand. 
I'm lying. 
To Shirley and Rivalz and the others. 
Even to Suzaku and Nunnaly. 
But there's no going back now. 
I can't turn back. 
As long as C.C. and I are bound by our contract, I have to keep at this. 
Because I don't wanna lie to myself any more. 
??? 
: Your Majesty. 
The remains have arrived. 
Charles: I was just conversing with Clovis actually. 
??? 
: Huh? 
Charles: The project must proceed without a moment's delay. 
Student: What's an Eleven doing here? 
Student: He was a suspect in Prince Clovis' murder! 
Kallen: But the teacher says the charges were dropped. 
Student: He was suspicious enough to arrest, though. 
Right? 
Student: You don't really think he is a terrorist, do you? 
Kallen: Uh...

Student: Of course he isn't. 
The school board would know something like that. 
Nina: An Eleven here at school? 
Rivalz: He is an Honorary Britanian. 
Nina: I know... but still all the same. 
Shirley: Well he doesn't look all that scary to me, why don't we just talk to him? 
I'm sure he's totally...

Rivalz: Hey, the guy just got here. 
Give him some space. 
Lelouch: Seven years since we used this signal. 
Long time, huh? 
Suzaku: Meeting on the roof like the old days. 
Lelouch: Yeah. 
Suzaku: I'm glad you're okay. 
I've been worried. 
Lelouch: Alive and kicking thanks to you. 
You almost died trying to protect me. 
Suzaku: I was just returning the favor from 7 years ago. 
Lelouch: Uh. 
Suzaku: Ah, what about that girl? 
You know, from the capsule. 
Lelouch: I don't really know. 
We got separated during the fray. 
But you would know more about her than I do, right? 
Suzaku: No. 
The only ones who knew anything were the inner circle of the Royal Guard. 
Lelouch: I see. 
Suzaku: And your name. 
Do I still call you Lelouch? 
Lelouch: The records count my old identity among the dead. 
I go by the name Lelouch Lamperouge now. 
Suzaku: Oh. 
Lelouch: And you? 
What happened at your court-martial? 
And why did you enroll at the school? 
Suzaku: I'm as surprised as you are. 
What are the odds that we'd end up at the same school? 
Truth is, someone arranged for me to receive a proper investigation. 
And that person said that a 17-year-old should be in school. 
Euphemia: Were all of these painted by Clovis? 
Butler: Yes. 
Euphemia: Such gentle colors. 
Very much akin to my brother. 
Operator: We've successfully identified the guerrillas. 
Darlton: That's good. 
Now all we need is their hide-out. 
Get that intel to the Viceroy. 
Operator: Yes, my Lord. 
Soldier: What a... 
Soldier: Is that Cornelia? 
Cornelia: Relics of a forgotten age. 
Cornelia: Darlton, in here? 
Correct? 
Darlton: Yes, my Lady. 
Shall we accompany you? 
Cornelia: Not for this level of resistance. 
Darlton: Understood. 
Cornelia: Surrender at once, you feeble-minded Elevens! 
Resistance: Down with Britannia! 
Cornelia: Doesn't seem Zero is here. 
No point in going after them one at a time, I suppose. 
Vermin. 
Rot like the filth that you are! 
スザクを招く

Nunnaly: Hi, Lelouch! 
I returned home. 
Lelouch: Hi, there! 
Welcome back, Miss Sayoko. 
I've got a special present for you today. 
Nunnaly: Really? 
What could it be? 
Lelouch: H'm. 
Sayoko: Huh? 
Nunnaly: Ah... Ah! 
This hand... 
Thank heaven. 
I knew it. 
I just knew you'd be alright. 
Suzaku: It's been a long time, Nunnaly. 
Nunnaly: So, tell me you will stay the night, won't you? 
Lelouch: Suzaku's enrolled as a student at Ashford Academy now. 
So you can see him anytime you want to. 
Nunnaly: Is that true? 
Suzaku: Well, I still have military duties, so I can't be here every day. 
Nunnaly: Oh, you're... you're still in the military? 
Suzaku: Don't worry. 
I've been reassigned to the Engineering Corps. 
It's a lot less dangerous. 
Lelouch: How cool. 
Engineering, huh. 
Suzaku: Oh, let me help you. 
Lelouch: You just sit down. 
Unlike seven years ago we get to be your hosts now. 
Suzaku: Uh... huh. 
Lelouch: It's funny. 
You're lot more mellow than you used to be. 
Suzaku: And you are a bit more rough. 
Lelouch: Ha-ha. 
I suppose. 
Lelouch: Huh? 
I told you to stay in my room. 
C.C. : That boy out there, he is the Britanian soldier from Shinjuku, isn't he? 
Is that wise? 
Lelouch: Don't worry, it's fine. 
He's...

C.C. 
: Huh? 
Lelouch: He is a friend... from the past. 
Guilford: You getting out, Jeremiah. 
Jeremiah: Lord Guilford! 
You see I'm innocent, don't you? 
Guilford: Well, it seems in the eyes of the court you are anyway, Orange Boy. 
Jeremiah: Huh? 
Guilford: Whatever the truth is, Zero got away. 
And you Pure Bloods let it happen. 
You've been demoted three ranks for failure. 
You have two options to choose from. 
Starting over as a pilot, or cultivating in orange farm. 
Lelouch: You should come by again. 
Nunnaly would enjoy it. 
Suzaku: Sure. 
But...

Lelouch: Huh? 
Suzaku: Lelouch, I... 
I don't think we should be seen together at school. 
Lelouch: What do you mean? 
Suzaku: Think, how would you explain it. 
Being friends with an Honorary Britanian? 
You have to guard your secret. 
No one can know your royalty. 
Lelouch: Ah. 
Suzaku: And the same goes for Nunnaly. 
I don't wanna cause you any trouble. 
Lelouch: Doing it again, huh? 
Everyone's needs but your own. 
Suzaku: Again? 
Lelouch: Forget it. 
Suzaku: Eh, thanks for having me. 
It was a lot of fun. 
I'll uh, see you later. 
Lelouch: Right. 
Suzaku: I'm so glad, you know? 
Lelouch: Huh? 
Suzaku: I never thought we'd get another chance to talk like this. 
学園にて。

Student: Why did they do it? 
Rivalz: So, what's the deal? 
Something happen to ya yesterday or what? 
You didn't even show up for the council meeting. 
Lelouch: You know, I kinda tanked that history exam. 
Rivalz: Please, I don't buy that. 
The way you study? 
Uh...

Student: Stop you guys... 
Phone: It hasn't made news yet, but the Blood of the Samurai faction was wiped out by Cornelia. 
They were the largest group we had in central Japan. 
Look, Zero. 
It won't be long until she comes after us. 
Lelouch: Just keep your head. 
Our chance will come. 
Phone: But...

Lelouch: Sit tight. 
I'll contact you later. 
Lelouch: Humph. 
It's getting too overly familiar. 
Maybe I better cut my ties with them. 
Nunnaly: Nina! 
Nina: Ah! 
I'm sorry. 
Am I too loud? 
Nunnaly: Not at all. 
Why are you here? 
What about class? 
Nina: Oh...

Nunnaly: Something wrong? 
Nina: Well, it's... 
I dunno, a little scary

Nunnaly: Scary? 
Nina: We have a transfer student in our class now. 
It's that boy who was accused of murdering Prince Clovis. 
He is an Eleven. 
Deliveryman: Oh... 
Thanks for all the repeat business. 
Although the name on the account we debit has a guy's name on it, is that okay? 
ぷにぷに～ってなってませんか？

C.C. 
: Huh? 
Trying to hide your mask, huh? 
Lelouch: Unlike my geass, the mask is a physical piece of evidence. 
Huh? 
Nunnaly: All right, Lelouch? 
The tea is ready when you are. 
That smell! 
Hey, did you order pizza again? 
Lelouch: I'm racking up reward points. 
I'll be right down, okay? 
Nunnaly: Lelouch. 
Lelouch: Hm? 
Nunnaly: Maybe you should cut down on the pizza. 
You don't want a blubbery belly. 
Lelouch: Just don't touch or rub it, okay? 
Nunnaly: Ooh, scary! 
Lelouch: Ha-ha-ha. 
C.C. : H'm. 
Cat: Meow! 
C.C. : Ah...

C.C. 
: Hm? 
What the heck? 
Lelouch: Hm. 
Yeah, I was wondering if that was going on. 
Nunnaly: They're just being cruel to Suzaku. 
Lelouch: No. 
It's just... Hm. 
These things take time. 
People will come around. 
Nunnaly: Isn't there anything you can do, though? 
I mean he is your friend. 
Lelouch: Hm. 
Uh! 
Cat: Meow? 
Lelouch: Aaaaargh! 
Nunnaly: Huh? 
Lelouch: Hey, give that back! 
Nunnaly: Ah... Lelouch? 
Cat: Meow... Meow meow! 
Lelouch: Yeah, a cat. 
Ah, stupid little cat! 
You've gotta be kidding me. 
There's no way I'm getting exposed by a lousy feline! 
C.C. : Huh? 
That wasn't my fault, was it? 
I didn't touch or rub anything. 
CM--------

キスを賭けて猫探し


Nunnaly. 
Yeah, that's right. 
I think a cat ran off with something pretty important to him. 
Milly: Important? 
Nunnaly. 
I'm not sure what exactly, but I'm positive it was something of value to him. 
Because... 
I've never heard my brother sound like that. 
He was completely hysterical. 
Rivalz: That's weird. 
What could be so important to the guy? 
Nina: A love letter? 
Milly : An embarrassing photo? 
Rivalz: Poetry he wrote? 
Nunnaly: Poetry...

MillyRivalz: Hee-hee-hee.
Milly: Leave it to us! 
We'll get our hands on the thing before Lelouch has a chance to blink. 
Just you wait. 
Lelouch: (huff-n-puff) If I had those terrorists with me, we could encircle the enemy. 
Maybe Kallen? 
No, she is suspicious of me as it is. 
Waah! 
Lelouch: Ughh...get it together! 
Student: So, anyway I told him to buzz off, you know. 
Student: Totally? 
And then? 
Student: Come on. 
You can guess, can't you? 
Student: Uh? 
What's up with that cat? 
Is that the mask Zero wears? 
Or am I crazy? 
Student: No way. 
Why would it be here? 
Lelouch: You two saw it? 
Forget everything you've just seen! 
Students: Sure. 
No problem at all. 
Lelouch: Good. 
Milly: This is Milly Ashford, your Student Council President. 
CAT HUNT, everybody! 
Suzaku: Cat hunt? 
Milly: There is a cat loose on campus that needs to be rounded up. 
Put everything on hold, people. 
Participating clubs will get budget priority. 
And whoever catches our feline friend, will get an Extra Special Prize, a big ol' kiss from one of the members of the Student Council. 
Ah-hahaha...

Shirly: Aaaaaaah! 
Kallen: Members of... 
Wait! 
Like, me? 
Guys: Exactly! 
Kallen: Ahh! 
Guy 1: You've been hanging around the Student Council, haven't ya? 
Guy 2: Wouldn't mind a taste of those lips. 
Guy 3: It's not gonna be like some lame peck on the cheek though, is it? 
Guy 4: A kiss on the cheek would be fine with me. 
Guy 5: Wait. 
We can choose where she plants it? 
Guys: Yeah. 
All right! 
Kallen: There's no way that's how I'm gonna get my first kiss! 
Student: What? 
From a member of the Student Council? 
Student: Does that include Lelouch? 
Student: Actually I would prefer Milly. 
Student: Ah. 
Could you get back in the closet, please? 
American football club members: Hut hut, fight! 
Horseman club member: We have the advantage of mobility. 
Gardening club member 1: Hurry, you look for catnips! 
Gardening club member 2: Science will prevail! 
Milly: And when you do catch that cat, bring what it's carrying to me, to me, to me! 
cough



Lelouch: Milly? 
Stay out of this, will ya? 
Kallen: Offering people up as prizes, that's why I hate Britanians. 
Student: I could hardly believe it. 
Student: I was like, floored when I heard it. 
Ha ha. 
Kallen: Damn it! 
Why do I have to pretend like I'm sick and feeble? 
Kallen: Oh, yaah! 
Huh. 
Jeez, I'm sorry about that... ah, Shirley! 
Why are you dressed like that? 
Shirly: I didn't have time to change. 
They're gonna make us kiss somebody. 
We've gotta hurry! 
Kallen: I'm with you. 
Nina: Nunnaly, is there anything about this cat that's special? 
Nunnaly: Hmm... 
I think that its leg must be hurt, because its footsteps sounded off to me. 
And, uh... Oh, I almost forgot. 
It meowed like this. 
inhaling** Miaow! 
All the students: Meeow! 
Cecile: The school seems so laidback, in spite of the fact that they're in mourning. 
You suppose Suzaku will be alright in here? 
Lloyd: Never mind that. 
The university here...

Cecile: Don't worry. 
I've made arrangements with them. 
Lloyd: Hmm. 
They still didn't have to kick poor Lancelot out, though. 
Cecile: I know. 
Even if they did say Elevens aren't acceptable. 
Milly: Okay! 
Let's go! 
Rivalz: What happens if a member of the Student Council catches the cat? 
We don't get a prize, do we? 
Milly: Do we get a kiss? 
But of course. 
Rivalz: Is that so. 
Well, what are we waiting around for, then. 
This is my day to shine! 
Teacher: Hey, no speeding on campus! 
Cat: Meow-wow. 
Kallen: O.K. 
We do this right and our lips will be safe. 
Shirley, you cover the rear. 
Humph. 
Shirley: Oh, wait a sec! 
Kallen: What's the matter? 
Shirley: Who would you wanna get a kiss from? 
Is there anyone in particular? 
Kallen: Huh? 
Shirley: It wouldn't be Lelou, would it? 
Kallen: Uh. 
Just what would make you think that? 
Shirley: Oh, how... 
I guess it... it's just...



Suzaku: Hey, that's...

Lelouch: Suzaku! 
Suzaku: Lelouch! 
You're looking for the cat, too? 
Cat: Meow. 
Suzaku: Up there. 
Lelouch: Suzaku, wait! 
Don't go up there! 
Suzaku: But the Student Council President said to catch it. 
Lelouch: Don't worry about it. 
I'll get the cat. 
Suzaku: I was always more agile than you. 
Remember when that little bird got loose? 
Lelouch: Quit talking ancient history. 
Suzaku: It was only 7 years ago. 
Lelouch: Oh, for Pete's sake...

Suzaku: He always was an exercise nut. 
Milly: So, someone's got it cornered, huh? 
Kallen: Who's the lucky winner? 
Shirley: Up there! 
Shirley: Suzaku? 
Suzaku: Easy now. 
You don't have to be scared. 
Lelouch: Suzaku, come back! 
Suzaku: It's alright. 
Leave this to me. 
Lelouch: That's funny. 
He never went along with the crowd like this. 
Waaah! 
Crowd: Oh! 
Suzaku: Huh? 
Ah... Lelouch! 
Suzaku: Are you... okay? 
Lelouch: Y... Yeah. 
Nina: Is it possible? 
Those two are...

Cat: Meow? 
Lelouch: Haa...

Suzaku: Pretty calm for someone on the verge of death. 
Lelouch: Yeah, right. 
I was just limp with fear. 
Milly: Huuuh. 
Nunnaly: Hey, what's going on? 
Milly: That transfer student just saved Lelouch from a really closed call. 
Nunnaly: Ah... hah. 
Suzaku: I think it's the same cat from the other day. 
Shirley: You saved him. 
Thank you so much, Suzaku. 
Rivalz: Yeah. 
Way to go there, new guy. 
Milly: That cat was carrying something, wasn't it? 
Suzaku: Yeah, there was something on its head. 
But I never really got a good look at it. 
Guess it's slipped off when I wasn't looking. 
Shirley: So, where is Lelou? 
Suzaku: Eh, He said he forgot something. 
Told me to go ahead. 
Milly: That's it! 
The embarrassing secret that he's hiding. 
Lelouch: So, that's it, Madam President? 
Milly: Hm? 
Aaah, after all this time I thought I had some dirt on you. 
Shirley: Yeah. 
He almost lost his cool for once. 
Kallen: So, ah... do you two know each other, then? 
Nina: Yeah, but... 
He is an Eleven. 
Suzaku: No. 
I just...

Lelouch: He is my friend. 
Madam President, would you permit him as a member of the Student Council? 
Council members: Huh? 
Lelouch: The rules are clear. 
All student are required to join a club. 
Although...

Council members: Uh...

Milly: Well, you are the Vice President. 
I suppose I can't refuse. 
Nunnaly: Well then, I'd say that's the end of that. 
Now, come here you two. 
Lend me an ear. 
Suzaku: N... Nunnaly? 
Nunnaly: There you go, the reward Miss Milly promised. 
Since you both caught the cat, you'll just have to settle for me, almost a student council member. 
Rivalz: Alright then, let's celebrate the catching of the cat! 
Everything's on the new guy, naturally. 
Shirley: Oh, back off! 
Hi, there! 
I'm Shirley. 
Pleasure to meet ya. 
Rivalz: Oh, right. 
I'm Rivalz. 
Milly: Milly Ashford, Student Council President. 
Suzaku: The pleasure is mine. 
クローヴィスの国葬、皇帝の演説

M.C. 
: And now, His royal Majesty, the 98th Emperor of the Holy Britannian Empire. 
Charles: All men, are not created equal. 
Some are born swifter of foot, some with greater beauty, some are born into poverty, and others born sick and feeble. 
Both in birthland and upbringing, in sheer scope of ability every human is inherently different. 
Yes, that is why people discriminate against one another, which is why there is struggle, competition, and the unfaltering march of progress. 
Charles: Inequality, is not wrong, equality is. 
What of the EU, which made equality a right, rabble politics by a popularity contest. 
The Chinese Federation, with its equal distribution of wealth, a nation of lazy dullards. 
But not our beloved Britannia, we fight, we compete, evolution is continuous. 
Lloyd: Evolution, such a pretty little word. 
Charles: Britannia alone moves forward, advancing steadily into the future. 
Even the death of my son Clovis demonstrates Britannia's unswerving commitment to progress. 
Charles: We will fight on. 
We shall struggle, compete, plunder, and dominate. 
And in the end, the future shall be ours. 
All Hail Britannia! 
Audience: All Hail Britannia! 
All Hail Britannia! 
...


C.C. 
: So, this is Lelouch's enemy. 
Well... 
The word 'hatred' is not strong enough. 
If my father is the embodiment of Britannia, he must be destroyed. 
And if Cornelia gets in my way, she'll suffer the same fate. 
You may not know it yet, but I have power, so long as I possess Geass I can go this alone. 
Emcee : Announcing. 
Prince Lelouch vi Britania, 17th heir to the royal Britanian imperial throne. 
Vassal: I heard the Empress Marianne was killed inside of the Britanian Palace. 
Vassal: There's no way terrorists could've gotten in there. 
Vassal: Which means that the real assassins must have been...
Vassal: Shhh. 
Beware, my friend. 
You'll regret it if anyone hears that kind of talk around the Palace. 
Vassal: And yet the boy remains... even though his mother is dead. 
Vassal: It's over. 
And the Ashford family who stood behind them is finished as well. 
Vassal: And his sister, the Princess? 
Vassal: We understand she was shot in the legs. 
Vassal: And that she lost her sight. 
Vassal: Blindness caused by trauma though, isn't it? 
Vassal: No difference. 
Now she can't even be married off for political gain. 
Lelouch : Hail, Your Majesty. 
My mother the Empress is dead. 
Charles : Old news. 
What of it? 
Lelouch : What of it? 
Charles : You sought an audience with the Emperor of Britania simply to inform me of that? 
Send the next one in. 
I have no time for these childish games. 
Lelouch : Father! 
Royal Guards: Yes, Your Majesty. 
Lelouch : Why didn't you keep mother out of harm's way? 
You're the Emperor, the greatest man in this nation if not the world. 
You should have protected her and now you don't even visit Nunnally? 
Charles : I've no use for that weakling. 
Lelouch : That weakling? 
Charles : That is what it means to be Royalty. 
Lelouch : Then I don't wanna be your heir. 
I give up my claim to the throne! 
Vassals : Oh. 
Lelouch : I'm sick of fighting and scheming over who will succeed you, father. 
I've had enough! 
Charles : You are dead. 
Lelouch : Eh...

Charles : You have always been dead to me, dead from the moment you were born. 
Who gave you the fine clothes you wear, a comfortable home, the food you eat, and your very life? 
All of those, I have given to you. 
In short, you are nothing to me because you have never existed. 
Yet you dare to speak such foolishness to me? 
Lelouch : Eek! 
Aaah! 
Charles : Lelouch! 
You are dead. 
Therefore, you are not entitled to any rights. 
I am sending you and Nunnally to Japan as Prince and Princess you will serve well as bargaining tools. 
Lloyd : It's a seventh generation Knightmare Frame, making its abilities far greater than normal...

Cornelia : I understand that the Lancelot's pilot is an Eleven. 
Lloyd : That's correct, an Honorary Britanian. 
However...

Cornelia : I'm promoting this man from private to warrant officer, that should satisfy him. 
I'm trying to win without having to rely too much on the Numbers. 
Euphemia : Those who risk their lives on the battlefield are the ones who deserve to rule. 
I understand the theory, sister. 
But still...

Suzaku : Sorry, you have to sit here watching me do my homework. 
Cecile : Oh, don't worry about it. 
You've never attended a regular school before, so it can't be avoided. 
Suzaku : The guys on the Student Council are helping me, too. 
But... it's still hard. 
Cecile : Hehehe. 
To be perfectly honest with you, I've been a little bit worried. 
It's supposed to be a liberal school, but I was afraid you were fitting in well. 
Suzaku : Me, too. 
I was expecting that. 
But I happened to run into an old friend there and he smoothed everything out for me. 
Cecile : Be sure you never take that friend for granted. 
If your friendship continues, your reunion won't have been coincidence. 
It will have been predestined. 
Suzaku : O.K. 
Cecile : Anyway, please try one of these. 
Suzaku : Thank you, I will. 
Cecile : I'd like your opinion of them. 
Suzaku : There's... jam. 
Cecile : Yes. 
I just happened to get some lovely blueberries. 
Lloyd : Alright, everyone. 
Pack it up, pack it up. 
Well done today. 
Don't do anymore. 
Hip, hip, hurrah! 
That's all folks... haah. 
Suzaku : Ah... Um...

Cecile : Go to school. 
Classes might be over for the day, but it's important to meet your friends and have a social life, too. 
Shirley : Say, can I ask you something important? 
Kallen : Uh-huh. 
Sure, what is it? 
Shirley : Ah, Kallen, are you hiding something from us? 
Kallen : Huh? 
Shirley : If it's something too personal...

Kallen : No. 
What are you talking about? 
Shirley : You can tell me. 
I promise I won't be shocked or upset. 
Uh well the thing is I happend to see you before. 
Kallen : Um...

Shirley : Urghh, you're going out with Lelou, right? 
Kallen : Lelou? 
Shirley : The other day I saw you outside. 
Kallen : Ah, no no no no. 
That was all his doing. 
Shirley : His doing? 
Kallen : No, wait! 
It wasn't like that. 
Shirley : I don't get it. 
You were trying so hard to catch the cat before. 
Kallen : No, that wasn't it. 
Besides it's not like we kissed or anything. 
Shirley : Or anything? 
Then you stopped short of doing it? 
Kallen : Will you quit imagining things? 
You don't understand the circumstances one bit! 
Milly : But an arranged marriage is so... 
I understand how much you want to reestablish the Ashford family. 
But mother, it's just that...



Nina : Ah, I've divided it! 
Darlton : The Saitama Ghetto is now completely surrounded. 
The Yamato Alliance's hide out is located at somewhere in here. 
Half the people in this neighborhood are cooperating with them. 
So, if we proceed now...

Cornelia : What will be the effect on production? 
Darlton : Primary sector output should decrease by 0.2%

Cornelia : Within expectations, you mean. 
All right. 
All of you here participated in the Shinjuku disaster. 
Is that correct? 
Subordinate: Yes. 
And we're indebted to you Princess Cornelia for your mercy. 
Cornelia : That's not what I'm asking. 
Do you think the conditions are similar? 
Subordinate: Huh? 
Cornelia : To those in Shinjuku. 
Announcer: Mlitary authorities report that they have surrounded the Saitama Ghetto, a known hiding place for terrorists. 
Viceroy Cornelia is also on the scene, and entry to that area is restricted. 
C.C. : Hum-hum-hum. 
Oh, well? 
What has you looking so serious? 
Announcer: It appears that a full scale assault will be launched in two hours. 
Consequently, power will be shut off...

Staff : News is one thing, but why are we broadcasting the start time? 
Diethart : Because they are trying to provoke Zero. 
Cornelia : Zero is a criminal with a flair for theatrical. 
I've recreated the same conditions that existed in Shinjuku in order to draw him out. 
If he's the over-confident type, I predict he'll come here to try to kill me. 
Subordinate: Viceroy, you'd really risk your own life like this? 
Cornelia : What you fail to understand is war is a strrugle between pride and life. 
C.C. : You're not falling for the enemy's provocation? 
Lelouch : They went to such trouble to invite me, though. 
Besides, there's something I'd like to ask Cornelia personally. 
C.C. : Destroying Britannia or discovering who murdered your mother, which is more important to you? 
Lelouch : The two are of equal importance. 
The royal family members are competing with each other to see who will ascend the throne and become the next ruler. 
Or rather, they're being forced to fight by that man. 
C.C. : But the very thing you hate is the same thing that makes Britannia strong. 
The royal heir who is best fit become the next ruler of Britannia is the last one left standing. 
Lelouch : Exactly. 
The weak ones lose and they're cast aside. 
Britannia is that kind of nation. 
That kind of world. 
C.C. : Survival of the fittest is the most basic rule of all. 
Lelouch : If that's true, then what happens to Nunnally? 
Should I simply give up on my sister because she's frail? 
I refuse to accept that. 
I'll wipe out that sort of world myself. 
Suzaku : (Humming)

Kallen : Like I've said, there's nothing between Lelouch and I! 
Suzaku : Lelouch? 
Kallen : Anyway, that's how it is. 
There's nothing going on. 
Suzaku : Huh? 
Um... where is Lelouch? 
Shirley : I don't know where he is. 
And I don't give a damn! 
Suzaku : Huh? 
C.C. : You can't go, Lelouch. 
You need to fulfill your part of our bargain, so I won't have you dying before that. 
Lelouch : Notice that what you're saying and what you're doing are contradictory. 
C.C. : Oh, I won't kill you. 
I'm merely going to shoot you in the leg to quiet you down. 
Lelouch : Now I get it. 
You are unable to use Geass yourself, aren't you? 
C.C. : (gasp)

Lelouch : I'm not surprised. 
I suspected as much. 
You obviously wouldn't have ask me to do it if you could've done it yourself. 
C.C. : Do you honestly think you can threaten me with a gun? 
Lelouch : Yes, I do. 
C.C. : Huh. 
Lelouch : Until I met you I was dead. 
An empty corpse existing behind a false guise of life, a life in which I did nothing real. 
Day to day, I merely went through the emotions of living as if I were a zombie. 
And I always had the feeling that I was gradually dying. 
If I'm condemned to go back to that, then I'd rather...

C.C. 
: Stop it. 
Lelouch : Humph. 
C.C. : I see now. 
It's life without meaning. 
And a life like that... 
Civilian : Aaah... 
Civilian : Oh, my God. 
Why the hell did you do that? 
Even children are here. 
What's going on? 
We haven't done anything. 
Soldier : That's exactly why. 
The people of this ghetto refused to report the terrorists. 
You hide them, cover for them. 
That's treason against a suzerain state! 
Darlton : We've done sweeping away those in charge. 
Cornelia : It's nearly time to set our plan motion. 
So shall we begin? 
Darlton : Right. 
Attention all forces. 
Commence eradication of the Saitama Ghetto. 
Darlton : All forces, assume No. 
1 battle stations. 
Jeremiah : I don't understand. 
Why won't Princess Cornelia order us to attack as well? 
Kewell ; She won't because Orange is here. 
Just be thankful that you haven't been disposed of. 
You're to blame for this. 
It's due to you that our careers are over. 
Jeremiah : You're wrong. 
Zero's the one who did it. 
Kewell : That again, humph. 
Villetta : Zero. 
Could that student be working with him? 
Commander: Suppression of area 4 complete. 
8th and 11th mechanized infantry companies are sweeping north and south in a pincer movement. 
Lelouch : Always the same. 
Cornelia replaces Clovis, yet Britannia never changes. 
Kightmare Pilot: What unit are you from? 
Your unit name and ID, soldier. 
Lelouch : Private Dario Torres[? 
], sir. 
With Third Reconnaissance Company. 
I obtained this item from one of the terrorists. 
Could I ask you please transmit it to headquarters for me, sir? 
Kightmare Pilot: Disc, huh? 
Well, I still need to verify your ID first. 
Lelouch : Right, understood. 
But before we do that, sir, I'd like to borrow your Sutherland. 
So, hand it over. 
Kightmare Pilot: Sure. 
No problem. 
Just take good care of it. 
Lelouch : Thank you, I really appreciate it. 
Yamato member: It's hopeless. 
Yamato member: Can't we break through along the Saikyo Line. 
Yamato member: They got armor blocking it. 
We can't use backroads, either. 
Any reinforcements from Akabane or Jujo? 
Yamato member: One man might get through but not a group. 
Yamato member: Izumi! 
Yamato member: Damn. 
Any words of Toda or Kawaguchi districts? 
Yamato member: Forget that. 
Listen! 
Yamato member: Huh? 
Lelouch : This, is Zero. 
Yamato member: Zero! 
Yamato member: Zero, you mean? 
Lelouch : I assume all of you have heard about the Shinjuku incident. 
Do what I say, and you will be saved. 
Yamato members: Ooh. 
B-12 Pilot: B-12, suppression complete. 
F-7 Pilot: F-7, no sign of the enemy. 
D-24 PIlot: D-24, we are 87% complete. 
Commander: Paladin team, change course to 5-1-6.

: Yes, my Lord. 
moving to 5-1-6. 
Sutherland Pilot : No response at all. 
This guy Zero might turn out to be a no show. 
Sutherland Pilot : Yes, he's just another run of the mill terrorist. 
Yamato member: They came! 
They really came! 
Yamato member: Just like Zero said they would! 
Lelouch : Now then. 
Shall I drag Cornelia out, or should I make an opening? 
R-1, R-2, maintain distance. 
Draw them back to the area where N-2 is. 
B-7, open fire towards 2 o'clock. 
P-5's team will commence its barrage. 
Operator :** * team, contact lost. 
Operator : Enemy spotted in district G-4-7. 
Operator : Kuznetskii team engaging. 
They were ambushed. 
Operator : The enemy appears to be using Sutherlands captured from our own forces. 
Subordinate: Exactly the same as Shinjuku. 
Subordinate: Has that ever been any sign of Zero yet? 
Lelouch : N-2, continue towards the upper-right. 
R-4, fire. 
N-1, take the man on the left. 
Right. 
P-3, take out the bridge and close down the route now. 
Operator : Point 1-7 has fallen. 
Hally team, contact lost. 
Cornelia : That's enough. 
Order all troops to fall back. 
Further damage and casualties serve no point. 
Subordinate: Fall back? 
Subordinate: With all due respect, we can still fight them. 
Cornelia : We can't fight them like this. 
Darlton? 
: All forces, fall back behind Ghetto perimeter at once. 
Formation dosen't matter. 
Fall back behind Ghetto perimeter at once. 
Lelouch : What? 
No stomach for it? 
If I blend in with the retreating units that'd put me right next to Cornelia. 
Have I cleared the task at hand already? 
C.C. : Heh heh. 
You can't fight your own blood, can you? 
But regardless, that type of person is dangerous. 
I wonder which path he'll take. 
I understand. 
Just who do you think I am, anyway? 
Shirley : Hmm. 
So, Lelou lived here before this became Area 11, huh? 
Was he a neighbor? 
Suzaku : Uh... what about yourself? 
Shirley : Myself? 
I guess we're a lot alike in that respect. 
Honestly I didn't like Lelou at the beginning when I first met him. 
He gave impression that he was flippant, and only thing he worked hard at was avoiding hard work. 
Suzaku : Ah. 
Shirley : But back when we were both fleshmen, I happened to see him come upon a traffic accident. 
A driver rear-ended another car and was clearly at fault, but he tried to blame on the elderly owners of the other car. 
Nobody tried to help them. 
And then... Ah, Lelou didn't do it so he could boast to his buddies or laugh about it later. 
He did it with the same bored expression he always wears. 
That's when I wondered, "What's up with this guy? 
What goes on his mind? 
What does he wanna do?" 
I really wanted to know and in the process of finding out...

Suzaku : You fell in love with him? 
Shirley : Huh, um... You think that what this is? 
Maybe you're right. 
Milly : How dreamy it is to be in love. 
Oh, how I wish. 
Lelouch : Cornelia, you're no match you'll lose. 
Cornelia : Zero is no match, I'll win. 
Subordinate: Huh? 
Darlton : Of course. 
That's why we call Princess Cornelia the Goddess of Victory. 
Cornelia : Shall we go, then, Guilford my knight? 
Guilford : It is my pleasure to serve and obey you, my Lady. 
Lelouch : Humph. 
Even with my Geass, the normal security makes it too risky for me to simply stroll in. 
I guess I'll have to create an opening as I did with Clovis. 
Hmm? 
Student Council room? 
I thought the Cat Festival meeting was scheduled for tomorrow. 
Shirley : I know Kallen said I had it all wrong, but it seemed like she was getting upset in order to fool me. 
Suzaku : Which is why in this case, it's best to simply ask him directly. 
On your behalf, I can ask him how he feels about you. 
Shirley : What? 
You'd really do that? 
Suzaku : Just relax. 
It'll be fine. 
Shirley : Are you nuts? 
No way! 
Lelouch : Hm? 
Oh, whatever. 
Suzaku : Aw, come on. 
Let me handle this for you. 
I'll be discreet. 
Shirley : I don't want your help, okay? 
Suzaku : It'll be fine. 
Oh! 
Cat : Meeow! 
Suzaku : Sorry. 
Shirley : Ah...

Suzaku : Oooh! 
Cat : Grrr. 
Shirley : Uh-oh. 
Does that hurt much? 
Suzaku : Greatly. 
Lelouch : You're desperate, Cornelia, using your Royal Guard in such a manner. 
This is Zero. 
N-1 will reengage their IFF signal. 
Operate as a Britannian unit. 
N-1 : Understood. 
Lelouch : ... as my decoy. 
Darlton : One Knightmare left transmitting an IFF signal within the city area. 
Subordinate: Can't you contact it? 
Subordinate: Scrabble the rescue team! 
Cornelia : No, destroy it. 
Subordinate: You can't! 
Subordinate: He might be a captive of the enemy. 
Cornelia : I ordered all troops to fall back. 
I have no use for soldiers who can't follow my orders. 
Darlton : You heard the Princess. 
Subordinate: But! 
Cornelia : Do your duty even if it costs your life. 
My subordinates follow that code without question. 
Guilford : At your command, your Highness. 
N-1 : Hey! 
What're you guys doing? 
Can't you read the IFF signal? 
I'm on your side! 
N-1 : Damn it! 
Lelouch : No confirmation? 
Well then.. N-2, transmit signal then fall back to the hospital ruins. 
R-1, R-2, hold your positions, fire only if attacked. 
Cornelia : They've transmitted another signal which means one thing. 
They've set an ambush. 
Send in more Gloucesters and surround them. 
Lelouch : They're not following? 
No, damn it! 
R-1, R-2, abort the ambush and fall back at once. 
Abort! 
Operator : Gloucesters have arrived at the indicated area. 
No sign of the enemy. 
Cornelia : He anticipated my move. 
It's possible we really are dealing with Zero himself. 
Lelouch : P-2, N-3, circle around behind the enemy. 
What's wrong? 
Come in! 
P-2, N-3! 
Damn it! 
B-1, B-5, move in! 
B-1? 
: Like hell! 
There's no way we can beat Cornelia's Royal Guards. 
That's a death sentence. 
I'm out! 
Yamato member: Hey, all we surrender. 
Yamato member: We won't resist. 
Yamato member: Spare us. 
Cornelia : Kill them. 
Lelouch : P-6, P-8, what's happening? 
Aargh! 
B-7, circle around and cover N-4. 
N-4 : This is B-7. 
I've got a prime target here. 
I'll take him out first. 
Lelouch : No, hold fire! 
That's a decoy. 
B-7, that's an order! 
N-4 : What d'you mean? 
I've got this bastard right in my sights! 
Lelouch : Fall back! 
They'll strike from above. 
B-7, fall back! 
N-4 : Aargh...! 
Lelouch : Idiot! 
B-8, this is Zero. 
I want a status report now. 
B-8 : Screw your status report! 
Aargh...! 
Lelouch : B-8! 
Damn! 
Anyone who's left, report in from the P-group now. 
Commander: Mission complete. 
All forces, take formation No.4. 
Lelouch : Beaten as easily. 
But that's not how the game was supposed to go. 
Cornelia : This didn't work out the way it did in Shinjuku, Zero. 
So, are you still masquerading as one of us? 
We'll discover who you are shortly. 
Lelouch : This... 
This is what real organization can do. 
Cornelia : Attention, all Knightmare pilots. 
Open your hatches and reveal your faces. 
Lelouch : Ah. 
Cornelia! 
Cornelia : Huh. 
I repeat, all pilots, open your hatches and show me your faces. 
Lelouch : What do I do? 
If she gets me in a line-up without my mask, my identity will be exposed. 
That mustn't happen. 
Use my Geass? 
No, impossible. 
It won't work unless I look directly at them. 
The enemy is protected within Knightmares. 
That leaves the infantry and the other pilots. 
Forget it, they're too many of them. 
How do I turn this around? 
No, would that work? 
Show them I'm Zero then use the power? 
But then the Knightmares. 
Maybe I can start shooting and break out of here? 
Impossible, against Cornelia's Royal Guard that would be suicide. 
Guilford : Open your hatch. 
It's your turn. 
What's wrong? 
Hurry up and open your hatch. 
Lelouch : Well, my hatch was damaged earlier in battle. 
Guilford : I see, then we'll open it for you. 
Turn around. 
Well, come on!l

Lelouch : Yes, understood. 
At once, Sir. 
Soldier : Zero's been sighted! 
Lelouch : Hm? 
Cornelia : Aha, I was right. 
Zero has a flair for the dramatic. 
Lelouch : No way! 
Guilford : Capture him! 
Platoon 3 and 5, stay...

: Image detected. 
Target confirmed. 
Lelouch : I'll just have to play along. 
**

: Head around back. 
: Sharpshooters, open fire! 
**
: He fell! 
Guilford : Your Highness, how do you want us to proceed now? 
Cornelia : Hmm. 
Any likelihood it's a trap? 
Darlton : There's always that possibility. 
Especially since we don't know anything about this person, aside from the fact that he seems as prideful as you anticipated, Viceroy. 
Cornelia : Then there's no point in chasing him. 
Darlton : Correct. 
If he intentionally revealed himself directry to his enemy, he must already have an escape route already in place. 
Cornelia : So self-preservation trumps all? 
Lelouch : That's how Cornelia is. 
She's nothing at all like Clovis. 
Ah! 
Lelouch : Why did you rescue me? 
C.C. : I told you already. 
I can't have you dying. 
Lelouch : I wouldn't have lost if the conditions were equal. 
C.C. : You sore loser. 
If you're really that good, you should be able to set up conditions the way you want. 
Lelouch : That's what I'll do then, I'll set them up. 
I'll raise an army that can't lose to Britannia. 
A people, a nation! 
Where and how can I find troops? 
Who will serve my army? 
If only I could ask Suzaku to join me... No, that ship has sailed, he's a Britannian soldier now. 
Even if he doesn't enter into the fray, he's still my enemy. 
Well then, I'll just have to choose. 
Narrator: Lelouch, a Britannian youth, has been given a god-like power by the mysterious young woman, C.C. Geass. 
The absolute power to compel anyone to follow any order. 
For the sake of his younger sister, Nunnally, Lelouch plots to destroy the Holy Britannian Empire. 
Meanwhile, his best friend from childhood — Suzaku Kururugi — has established himself as an Honorary Britannian within the Empire. 
At this point, their lives are already intertwined and their destinies predetermined with inevitable outcomes. 
Shirley: I've never left the Tokyo Settlement before, this is my first time! 
Milly: I'm sure you wish Lelouch could have come with us, don't you? 
Shirley: No, ah. 
Milly: Don't be so shy. 
Tonight we can stay up all night talking. 
Let's tell each other which boys we like from school. 
Shirley: Then you'll probably have a lot to talk about, right Ms. President? 
Milly: Who can say? 
Nina: Ah! 
Milly: Nina, it's all right. 
There are lots of Britannian tourists at Lake Kawaguchi so security's fine. 
Don't be afraid, it's not the ghettos. 
Nina: Yes, but...

Milly: We'll be with you the whole time. 
We won't leave your side for a second. 
Nina: Thanks. 
Shirley: Haaah! 
Ougi: Ah. 
Zero: What are you waiting for? 
Come in. 
As of now, this place will be our hideout. 
Ougi: So, you think joining up with us is a good idea? 
Zero: Yes. 
We're comrades, after all. 
Tamaki: Holy cow. 
??? 
: So what is this, huh? 
Ougi: Do you mind if I ask how you came by this? 
Zero: I borrowed it from a rather libertine nobleman who indulges my requests. 
Ougi: You asked for it, just like that? 
Zero: Don't worry, no strings attached. 
??? 
: It's huge. 
Check it out, it's got a second story. 
Kallen: On the other hand, no one would expect us in something like this. 
??? 
: It's even got a TV. 
News Anchor: How are things looking at the scene? 
Reporter: I'm here in front of the Lake Kawaguchi Convention Center Hotel. 
The hotel-jackers have identified themselves as the Japan Liberation Front. 
Tamaki: Huh? 
Ougi: What's happening? 
Reporter: Members of the Sakuradite Allocation Meeting, most notably Chairman James, were taken hostage, as well as several tourists and hotel employees. 
This footage was taken by the perpetrators. 
In it, you can clearly see Chairman James, including some students. 
Kallen: From the Student Council. 
Zero: Hm? 
Reporter: The leader of the group claims to be Lieutenant Colonel Kusakabe of the now defunct Japanese...

Toudou: That imbecile! 
Reporter: Sakuradite, an essential component in the manufacture of high-temperature superconductors, is a vital strategic resource that directly affects world security. 
Area 11 is the largest producer of this material, providing 70% of the world's total supply. 
Here at the yearly national meeting of sakuradite producers, it will be determined how this resource will be distributed among the world's nations. 
It's no exaggeration to say that the outcome determines the balance of global power between Britannia and other countries. 
It is believed that the terrorists are using world interest in the annual gathering to their advantage by carrying out this violent hotel takeover. 
Kusakabe: I'm Kusakabe of the Japan Liberation Front. 
This stand we're taking is for the freedom of Japan and our countrymen. 
Even though you are not soldiers you are still Britannians. 
You are the ones who rule and oppress us. 
Sit still, be quiet, and you'll be fine. 
If you don't...

Shirley: Lelou... 
??? 
: So they made their move. 
Ougi: They're easily the biggest anti-Britannian force in Japan, and now their pride's hurt. 
??? 
: Because of us? 
Ougi: Maybe. 
Tamaki: I don't know whether to feel happy or sad about that, because they're all gonna end up dead. 
Zero: Rivalz? 
Rivalz: Ah, Lelouch, I've...! 
Huh? 
Lelouch's Phone: This is Lelouch, please leave a message after the beep. 
Rivalz: What the hell's he doing at a time like this? 
Lelouch: I know, but... 
Subordinate: All bridges connecting to the hotel with the exception of the main one have been destroyed. 
Our attempted approaches from the air and water have been unsuccessful. 
There's only one route left that will allow us to develop a possible hostage rescue plan. 
The main utilities tunnel running directly beneath the Convention Center Hotel. 
Basically, we would go in through this route, destroy the foundation block, and submerge the hotel. 
Since the tunnel was also built to handle supply deliveries, it should be able to accommodate Sutherlands. 
Even if the enemy has taken precautions it should be no problem. 
Sutherland Pilot: Go. 
Subordinate: They've been using substandard weaponry, so we'll have no trouble evading them. 
Japanese Liberation Front Pilot: Enemy detected! 
As expected, they're moving through the underground tunnel. 
JLF Pilot #2: Roger that. 
Raikou secondary startup, both quad-linkage legs locked. 
Super Electro Magnetic Shrapnel Cannon voltage confirmed. 
Sutherland Pilot: I think these guys have Knightmare rifles. 
Spread out and break their ranks. 
JLF Pilot: Super Electro Magnetic Shrapnel Cannon, fire! 
Sutherland Pilot: What? 
JLF Member: One shot! 
JLF Member: Yes! 
It works! 
JLF Member: The Raikou is a complete success! 
Kusakabe: What do you think of that, Britannian pigs? 
Darlton: Wiped out? 
Subordinate: It looks as though they've modified a Glasgow into a linear cannon. 
??? 
: Then there's no way we can break through. 
??? 
: What do we do now? 
If we release the political prisoners as they demand...

Cornelia: We can't show weakness to terrorists! 
Guilford: But, Princess Euphemia, she's...

Cornelia: Yes I know. 
Darlton: Thus far it appears that none of them have discovered that fact. 
If they learn that Princess Euphemia is among the hostages, they'll undoubtedly use her as a bargaining chip. 
She went there just to observe, therefore she isn't registered along with the other guests. 
Geassed Girl: Ah ha ha. 
C.C. : Yes, yes, I understand. 
I'll do well this time. 
I'll try to look out for him but I'm not his guardian. 
Suzaku: Can't the Special Core offer any assistance with the rescue operation? 
Lloyd: I've already asked them, but we're in a regular unit and they don't acknowledge our chain of command. 
Besides...

Suzaku: It's too risky to entrust the operation to an Eleven, is that right? 
Lloyd: Yet I'm sure you're aware that Princess Cornelia is very discriminating about Britannians and Numbers. 
Suzaku: So the Japanese still aren't being accepted enough into your structure. 
Cecile: If that were true, then what point would there be in even having an Honorary Britannian system? 
Reporter: Sir, did your daughter appear to be... 
??? 
: Where do you want this? 
Ougi: Over there, by the driver's seat. 
??? 
: Hey, what about these boxes here? 
Reporter: Is there anything you want to say to the terrorists? 
Shirley's Dad: She was only sightseeing. 
Shirley is still a student, but these criminals act indiscriminately. 
Savages... 
I want to know if Shir- I want to know if my daughter is alright. 
She hasn't done anything wrong. 
Reporter: All he's asking...

Lelouch: We need to organize before we fight them again. 
It's too soon though, we're not ready, but we can't just sit here and do nothing either. 
Knowing Cornelia, she'll sacrifice the hostages. 
Ah, then why doesn't she make her move? 
Is it possible...

Kallen: Zero... what will happen to the hostages? 
Lelouch: Eventually, there will be no reason to keep those Britannians alive. 
Kallen: Yeah... 
I'm sure you're right. 
Ougi: Hey Zero, I found these. 
Should I hand them out to everyone? 
I mean as far as gear goes it looks pretty hip but we're just a resistance group so...

Lelouch: Wrong! 
Ougi: Uh. 
Lelouch: We're not a resistance group, is that clear? 
Ougi: Well then, what are we? 
Lelouch: What we are, what we're trying to be... are knights for justice! 
??? 
: Attention all sniper teams, situation is hold, all team commanders confirm...

Cecile: Those teenage hostages are friends of yours from school aren't they? 
They're still negotiating so let's not give up hope. 
Suzaku: I have faith in the system. 
I prefer the logic of systems to individualist emotions. 
Cecile: Ah...

Suzaku: Ms. Cecile, look. 
Cecile: Huh? 
??? 
: Situation changing! 
Suzaku: That's... 
??? 
: Hotel roof, Alert 2, Status D. Urgent report...

Cecile: What are they going to do to him? 
Suzaku: Oh no, don't do it. 
Ah! 
Nooooo!! 
Kusakabe: Our demands have gone unanswered. 
Therefore, we will throw one hostage from the roof every thirty minutes until our terms are met. 
For the sake of the hostages negotiations better be in good faith. 
Darlton: This is their warning? 
Barbarians. 
Guilford: For now, we could negotiate just to get the women and children out. 
Cornelia: Forget it! 
If you give in to their conditions even once then you're simply legitimizing terrorism. 
Darlton: Then do we use force? 
Guilford: We would pursue that course of action after we secure the safety of Princess Euphemia. 
Cornelia: Euphie... 
I.... 
Subordinate: Viceroy, it's Zero! 
We just received a message from Zero. 
Diethard: What? 
What do you mean Van 3 was stolen by Zero? 
What the hell was Gibson doing all the while? 
??? 
: He said that when he realized what was happening it was too late. 
Diethard: Huh. 
Then where's Van 3 now? 
??? 
: Driving straight towards the military. 
Diethard: Huh? 
??? 
: We confirm, it's Zero. 
Should we open fire? 
??? 
: No, just stand by. 
We'll capture him after he's surrounded. 
Ougi: Hey, when Zero went off about justice earlier, what do you think he meant? 
Kallen: Don't know, but we may die first before we find out. 
Seems all of our escape routes have been cut off. 
Black Knights Member: I'm just wondering, why didn't we use that other vehicle? 
BK Member: Oh so you want the whole world to see where we hide out huh? 
BK Member: Point taken. 
Female BK Member: I don't know about this Zero character, you think we should trust him? 
BK Member: No, that's why I said he looks shifty to me. 
But if anything goes wrong I'll do something about it. 
Lelouch: Cornelia, much as I'd love to get you back right here and now you're more useful to me alive. 
If you do what I predict I won't need to use my Geass. 
Cornelia: Well well, we meet again, Zero. 
Are you a member of the Japan Liberation Front? 
Or perhaps you intend to help us? 
Regardless, our concerns take priority over yours at the moment. 
And so for the death of my half-brother Clovis, I shall take my revenge right here. 
Lelouch: Cornelia, which would you choose: Clovis, who is dead, or Euphiemia, who is alive? 
Cornelia: Ah! 
Lelouch: My suspicion's confirmed. 
The first task at hand is completed. 
You haven't changed, dear sister. 
You've always doted on sweet little Euphemia. 
That's why you won't take aggressive action, your emotions are getting in the way. 
Lelouch: It's within my power to save Euphemia for you. 
Cornelia: What do you mean? 
I have no idea what you're talking about. 
Lelouch: I said that I'm able to rescue her. 
Kusakabe: Zero you say? 
Japan Liberation Front Member: Yes, sir. 
Word came from the Britannian Army. 
Commander: Attention all forces, let Zero pass. 
I repeat, let Zero pass. 
Lelouch: Either the Japan Liberation Front will accept me as their ally, or they're going to treat me as nothing more than a nuisance. 
In any event, I highly doubt that they can't resist the temptation of meeting the infamous Zero. 
We shall see. 
Excellent. 
All the operation's preliminary conditions have been cleared. 
Darlton: Viceroy, what are we doing? 
Cornelia: I believe that by letting Zero go in, we can buy some time before the next hostage is executed. 
So, this is our chance. 
We can hit them both at the same time. 
Lloyd: Wonderful! 
I want to thank you for that lovely order. 
Ha ha ha! 
They said you've got the green light, Lancelot. 
You've orders to charge right into that linear cannon in the tunnel. 
Cecile: Wait a minute, you mean they're using him as a decoy to make an opening for them? 
Lloyd: Yep, seems like they'll use the confusion to send in the royal guard. 
Cecile: Seems like? 
But Lloyd...

Suzaku: Miss Cecile, I'm ready. 
Please let me do it. 
Suzaku: If Lancelot and I are needed, and we're able to give the hostages an opportunity to be saved, then I'll do it. 
Even if it means being a decoy. 
??? 
: Warrant Officer Kururugi, here is a guideline for your mission. 
According to prime search the hostages are located on the hotel's middle floor and believed to be locked inside a food storage room. 
Advanced prototype weapon Z-01 Lancelot will use the utilities tunnel to move under the hotel. 
Once on site you will destroy the foundation block and submerge the building. 
The area with the hostages should hold out for 8 minutes. 
Hostage rescue and mop up of the terrorists will be handled by other units. 
You will be using the VARIS to destroy the foundation. 
Set the Impact Rail to Anti-Material Level 3. 
Lloyd: The only variable in this is that pesky linear cannon waiting for you in the tunnel. 
Space is tight in there, the Lancelot will only have a 47.8% evasion rate. 
Cecile: Are we really going through with this? 
Lloyd: Yep, make sure you both pull out of there before it's too late. 
Lancelot might be wrecked, that would be unacceptable. 
Suzaku: Before it's too late? 
Lloyd: No.[?] 
Suzaku: Understood sir. 
Shirley: Suzaku, the president and Nina and I are going to Lake Kawaguchi on Sunday. 
Wanna join us? 
Suzaku: Sorry, I have to work that day. 
Shirley: You do? 
Too bad, but I guess that can't be helped then. 
Suzaku: But thank you for inviting me, I really appreciate it. 
I hope all of you have a great time. 
??? 
: Twelve minutes to operation start. 
Commencing countdown. 
Nina: An...Eleven. 
Japan Liberation Front Member: What did you say? 
Nina: Aah! 
JLF Member: Not Elevens! 
We're Japanese, dammit. 
Milly: Yes we're aware of that. 
Just lay off of her. 
JLF Member: Then correct her, we're not called Elevens. 
Shirley: Fine, we'll correct her. 
JLF Member: How dare you speak like that to me? 
You three, come with me to the next room and I'll teach you a real lesson. 
Nina: No! 
No!! 
Euphie: Ah. 
Woman: Mm-mm. 
JLF Member: I said get up now! 
Nina: No!! 
Let me go! 
Euphie: Stop it! 
JLF Member: Who the hell are you? 
Euphie: I demand you take me to your leader right now, understand? 
JLF Member: What? 
Woman: No Sub-Viceroy, please. 
Euphie: You're addressing Euphemia Li Britannia. 
The third princess of the Britannian Empire. 
Are you all right, young lady? 
You haven't been hurt? 
Nina: Huh? 
No. 
Lelouch: You have no intention of joining me? 
Kusakabe: Remove that mask and reveal your real face to us. 
It's disrespectful not to. 
Lelouch: I understand, but before I do, I'd like to ask you something. 
What exactly do you hope to accomplish by this action? 
Kusakabe: Gain attention. 
I want this country and the world to know that the Japanese aren't dead yet. 
Lelouch: How stale. 
You people are obsolete, there's no saving you. 
JLF Member: What? 
Why you arrogant...

Kusakabe: Explain what you mean by that, Zero. 
Suzaku: ME Boost. 
Cecile: Lancelot, now launching! 
JLF Pilot: Reaction confirmed, one enemy Knightmare. 
JLF Pilot: It moves twice as fast as the others. 
JLF Pilot: So what? 
It'll end up like the rest. 
Super Electro Magnetic Shrapnel Cannon, fire! 
Suzaku: Guh...

Cecile: I warned you about this, Lloyd! 
Lloyd: He doesn't wanna play decoy, he's going for the goal. 
JLF Member: I brought the hostage that I radioed about earlier for the Lieutenant Colonel to see. 
She claims that she's Princess Euphemia. 
Kusakabe: Zero, there's no point talking anymore! 
Lelouch: Die! 
JLF Pilot: Fire! 
Crowd: Huh? 
JLF Member: Colonel! 
Ugh! 
Lelouch: Calm yourselves. 
Euphie: Zero. 
Lelouch: The Colonel and the others committed suicide when they realized how meaningless this operation was. 
Euphemia, you were willing to sacrifice yourself for the commoners. 
You haven't changed. 
Euphie: Eh? 
Cornelia: What? 
The AE6 Knightmare? 
Darlton: Yes. 
At the rate it's going it'll break through soon. 
Cornelia: Huh. 
Do we dare hold out hope? 
Suzaku: Yes. 
It can take this level of destructive force. 
JLF Pilot: That thing broke through salvo number five. 
I can't believe it. 
JLF Pilot:  Just don't panic. 
Deploy the quad-link free-fire armgun, batteries too. 
We'll shield this final defense with our lives. 
Suzaku: Ms. Cecile, it's time for me to use the VARIS. 
Cecile: No, you could get killed! 
Suzaku: There's no room for me to evade, I'll risk getting blasted to take the first shot. 
JLF Member: Why you stinking son of a...

Lelouch: I heard that you're the Sub-Viceroy now your Highness, Princess Euphemia Li Britannia. 
Euphie: It's not an appointment I'm happy with. 
Lelouch: No, it's because Clovis was murdered. 
That was my handiwork. 
He begged pathetically for his life to the very end. 
He pleaded with the same tongue that ordered the deaths of Elevens. 
Euphie: So is that the reason that you killed my brother? 
Lelouch: No. 
Euphie: Then why? 
Lelouch: Because Clovis was an offspring of the Britannian Emperor. 
That reminds me. 
You're one of his children too, aren't you? 
JLF Pilot: Use maximum output! 
I don't give a damn if it destroys the guns. 
Be prepared to die defending this spot. 
Smash him! 
Cornelia: It's the Eleven. 
Cornelia: He really did it. 
Guilford! 
Guilford: Right. 
Suzaku: Ah, no way. 
Lelouch: The white Knightmare from before. 
Suzaku: Ah! 
Cornelia: Euphie!! 
Suzaku: My friends! 
Lloyd: Warrant Officer Kururugi, don't! 
Diethard: What about the cameras in Van 3? 
??? 
: I told you, Zero took the Van...

Diethard: Well then, let's hope we pick up a signal from them. 
What are you doing, Zero? 
Wasn't that part of your plan... to show us something? 
Cecile: He's all right! 
Lloyd: Ohh...

Suzaku: I couldn't rescue them. 
They're dead, I failed. 
Not again! 
Diethard: We've got it. 
Lelouch: My dear Britannians, have no fear. 
All of the hostages from the hotel are safe and sound. 
I, Zero, return them to you unharmed. 
Suzaku: They're fine. 
Rivalz: Ah, they're all right. 
Cornelia: Of all the brazen audacity... 
If we attack you those people will quickly become your hostages, won't they? 
Lelouch: People! 
Fear us, or rally behind us as you see fit. 
We, are the Black Knights. 
Cecile: Black Knights? 
Lloyd: Ironic, isn't it? 
The terrorists referring to themselves as knights. 
Lelouch: We of the Black Knights stand with all those who have no weapons to wield. 
Regardless of whether they be Elevens, or Britannians. 
The Japan Liberation Front cowardly took innocent Britannian civilians hostage, and they mercilessly executed them. 
It was a wanton and meaningless act, therefore they have been punished. 
Diethard: You heard me right, I said let it run. 
Liable? 
I'll be the one responsible for this. 
Lelouch: Just as former Viceroy Clovis was punished for ordering the slaughter of countless unarmed Elevens, we could not stand by and allow such cruelty to be carried out, and so we made him pay for his actions. 
I will not repudiate battle on a fair and level field, but neither will I tolerate a one-sided massacre of the weak by the strong. 
The only ones who should kill, are those who are prepared to be killed! 
Wherever oppressors abuse their power by attacking those who are powerless, we shall appear again. 
No matter how mighty, how formidable our foe may be. 
Kallen: Knights...for justice? 
Lelouch: Those of you with power, fear us. 
Those of you without it, rally behind us. 
We, the Black Knights, shall be the ones who stand in judgment of this world. 
Next Episode Preview:

I was lucky. 
Heaven must truly be on my side. 
I never expected that Cornelia's one weakness was among the hostages; a weakness named Euphemia. 
From now on, the Black Knights shall become my counterattack against the world in which I was trapped, and against my own undecided heart. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">C.C. 
:
Lelouch, a young outcast prince of Britannia, possesses two great powers. 
One of them is Geass, the absolute ability to compel any person to do whatever he commands. 
The other is the Black Knights, his military force assembled with the intent of destroying the Britannian Empire ruled by his father. 
Veiling his true identity behind a mask and the codename Zero, Lelouch has made his move to avenge his mother's murder and to create a world in which his younger sister Nunnally can find happiness. 
What will be the final outcome of these actions...? 
At this point, no one can predict...

-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">TV:
...Clearing the last of the debris from around the Lake Kawaguchi Convention Centre Hotel. 
It's been two weeks since Zero unveiled his Black Knights. 
But there's still little insight into the man behind the mask. 
They weren't able to track his escape route? 
They let the hostages go and somehow made it to the other shore. 
Kallen's mother:
Kallen. 
I mean, miss. 
Forgive me. 
I didn't wish to wake you. 
Kallen:
Again? 
Kallen's mother:
I'm sorry. 
It was the step ladder this time, it broke. 
Kallen:
Well, just get it cleaned up. 
And be quick about it. 
I have to leave for school. 
Kallen's mother:
Mistress, you've been attending school quite a bit lately. 
Making any friends there? 
Kallen:
I don't see how that's any of your business....Just go, will you. 
Man:
I know it's for welfare, but why waste it on the Elevens? 
Man:
That's why I'm selling it to you, my friend. 
The Eleven population could use a little thinning out, if you ask me. 
Man:
Your payment will be transferred to your wife's account. 
Man:
Princess Cornelia is a soldier. 
This sort of thing doesn't interest her all that much. 
Hit the lights! 
Turn 'em on! 
You're... you're the...! 
Kallen:
The Black Knights! 
Shirley:
That's not like you, dozing off in class like that. 
Kallen:
Well, I ....

Rivalz:
You could learn a thing or two from Lelouch. 
He's an expert at sleeping in class. 
Kallen:
He's not sleeping now, is he? 
Rivalz:
I don't know what he's up to night after night. 
But he sleeps through about half of them these days. 
Cornelia:
The EU is starting an offensive along the El Alamein front. 
We can't go on dragging our feet around here. 
I want to solidify domestic affairs. 
It's high time Area 11 was made a satellite nation. 
For that to happen we need to stamp out terrorism, of course. 
But another major problem is the rampant abuse of Refrain amongst the Eleven. 
Productivity is plummeting. 
It's coming in on the Chinese Federation's Kyushu route. 
We have to put an end to it. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Euphemia:
Yes, but be careful. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Cornelia:
You as well. 
I don't want you leaving the settlement. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Euphemia:
Cornelia, what about Black Knights and Zero? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Cornelia:
I'll let them roam free a bit longer. 
I owe them that for saving your life. 
However, upon my return...
Once I've cleaned up this Area, I'm entrusting it to you. 
Try to stay out of harm's way from now on. 
All right, Euphie? 
Zero:
Because Clovis was an offspring of the Britannian Emperor. 
That reminds me... You're one of his children too, aren't you. 
But I suppose for now...

Euphemia:
When he spoke to me that night, what was he alluding to? 
Suzaku, what would you make of all this? 
About what Zero is doing. 
And of me. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen:
Man, this double life sure is a killer. 
Milly:
Come on, Suzaku, hold him down! 
Lelouch:
Damn it, Suzaku, cut it out! 
Stop it! 
I'm not kidding! 
Suzaku:
Sorry, Lelouch. 
But it's the president's orders. 
Lelouch:
Yeah, like you're not enjoying this at all! 
Shirley:
Will you hold still! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Milly:
Goodmiaoning. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen:
Good morning, I guess. 
What is all this? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Rivalz:
What do you mean? 
Didn't we tell you? 
It's our welcome party for Arthur. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen:
Sounds like fun...? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Milly:
Well, classes are postponed, we might as well have some fun, right? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Shirley:
I set some stuff aside for you, over here. 
To make up for all my getting so upset before. 
Take your pick. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen:
What? 
For me? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch:
She doesn't need a costume. 
You're already wearing a mask, right? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen:
You really are a riot, you know that? 
You ought to be on television. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Rivalz:
What do you think, Miss TV Star? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Suzaku:
Oh, I thought that she meant Lelouch. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Shirley:
Would you quit joking about that? 
The whole thing's a huge pain in the butt. 
We've been hounded with questions day and night. 
Even in the bath! 
Milly:
We haven't been able to leave school grounds in a week. 
Rivalz:
Not that I don't feel for you, but I don't see why we can't leave either. 
Milly:
Hmm, that's the price of friendship. 
The Romance of the Three Kingdoms: "It matters not that we were born apart, upon this day we die as one." 
Rivalz:
Is that your idea of a love quote? 
Milly:
If I go down, then we all do. 
Rivalz:
That's a little dark. 
Right, Suzaku? 
Suzaku:
I'm glad... that we could all be together again. 
You know, like this. 
Rivalz:
Come on! 
Hey, we're supposed to be unwinding in here! 
Shirley:
That's what's so refreshing about Suzaku, though. 
Milly:
Yeah, but once in a while you just want him to get a clue, you know? 
Suzaku:
Oh, sorry about that. 
Rivalz:
Oh, you [lovely] puddy cat. 
Kallen:
It's so funny to think I helped save their lives. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen:
Ever since we made our big splash at the hotel jacking, the Black Knights have taken the world by storm. 
We've become a friend to the weak, just as Zero proclaimed we would. 
Terrorists who involve civilians, an overbearing military, criminal syndicates, corrupt politicians and profiteers, if the law would not punish them, then we would. 
In the blink of an eye, we'd become heroes. 
Support for us has swelled. 
And we've even gotten our hands on some Knightmares again. 
Of course, no one could show that in public, because...
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Mother:
Stop pretending you're a Black Knight. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Child:
-color: #ffffff; color: #808080;">But why? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Mother:
You musn't ever say anything against Britannia. 
We're Elevens. 
Have you forgotten that? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen:
Because our leader Zero had killed Prince Clovis. 
There are many in our ranks who wish to know his true identity, myself included. 
But if we push too hard, I suspect that he would vanish. 
And without him, I'm fairly certain we'd be finished. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">
Rivals: Hey, there, Pal. 
Haven't seen you much lately. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch: Really? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Rivals: Yeah. 
Really. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Euphemia: Are you alright, young lady? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Urabe: Why would the masses flock around those who saved Euphemia? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Senba: Even Kyoto has said that they would send the Black Knights the Guren MK II. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Asahina: To those would-be Robin Hoods? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Chiba: They're not part of the resistance. 
Killing Kusakabe was proof of that. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Urabe: The colonel killed himself, didn't he? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Senba: Well, I hear they didn't try to stop him. 
In any case, lieutenant colonel Tohdoh, we can't let this stand.
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen's mother: Mistress Kallen, mistress Kallen. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Madam president? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Milly: I just dropped by to give you something. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Huh? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen's mother: Where would you like me to show her to? 
The parlor perhaps. 
or maybe...
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: We'll be in my room. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen's mother: As you wish. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Stepmother: Oh, I heard you had a friend down here, I was sure it would be a boy. 
Out all night and missing school. 
Not to mention all your visits to the getto. 
You're lucky your father's back in the homeland. 
No fighting one's blood, is there? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: You're the one who enjoying dad not being around here, aren't you. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Stepmother: Uh...
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen's mother: Oh dear, what have I done. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Stepmother: What's wrong with you! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen's mother: Forgive me, milady, forgive me. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Stepmother: Can't you do anything right? 
Besides selling your body, that is. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Milly: Quite the complicated home life you have. 
isn't it. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: So what was it you wanted to give me? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Milly: Grandfather asked me to pass this on. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: You mean the principal? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Milly: Your transcript since middle school. 
I thought I'd better give them to you off of school grounds. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: So my secret's out then, isn't it? 
That I'm actually an Eleven and Britanian half-breed. 
That was my stepmother down there. 
My real mother was that clod of a maid who knocked over the vase. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Milly: And your father.. is he the head of the Statfeld family? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: My mother is such a fool. 
In the end, she wound up a servant. 
She doesn't have any real skills. 
And no matter who's ridiculing her, all she can do is laugh like it's nothing. 
She didn't have to chose to
stay in this house, you know? 
She's just clinging some old lover who jilted her. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Milly: You really hate your mother, don't you. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: I just find her depressing. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Milly: Well, this is getting a little heavy. 
Imagine, the wife and the daughter and the other woman, all living together. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Ah, it could be worse. 
Three square meals and a roof, right? 
I mean, it's not unbearable. 
Most of the time, anyway. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Milly: That's good. 
Still, somethings in life we can bear on our own, but when you add them all up,
they eventually break you. 
Oh, don't worry. 
I won't lie, I'm always hungry for secrets, but I'd never talk about this. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch:
I can't believe you teared up. 
That's so embarrassing. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Suzaku:
It's called honesty. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch:
Well, good thing's the Black Knights were there to save them. 
That's all I can say. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Suzaku:
If they wanted to catch criminals, they could have joined the police force, you know? 
Why don't they, I wonder. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch:
They probably don't think the cops are up to the job. 
I tend to agree. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Suzaku:
The police may not be that effective right now, but they could evoke change from within. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch:
Yeah, and in the process, they get all tangled up in red tape and bureaucracy. 
Suzaku:
If they had done everything in their power to change things, that might hold water. 
As long as they don't, then all of it's just self-righteous posturing. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch:
Self-righteous? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Suzaku:
And what constitutes evil in their eyes? 
What standards are they using? 
It's nothing but self-satisfying gratification. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Shirley:
Oh, it's just you two? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Suzaku:
Anyway, I guess I gotta go back to the base pretty soon. 
See you around, Shirley. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Shirley:
See you later. 
So Lelou... 
I was, um... 
I was thinking if you had some time, you and I...
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch:
"Back to base"...
Now that was an interesting choice of words. 
'Go back', implying that's where he thinks he belongs. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Refrain? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Ohgi: It's a psychotropic, makes you think you've gone back to the past. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Must be all the rage here in Japan. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Ohgi: Yeah ,well... Who doesn't long for the days before the occupation, right? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Uh...
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Ohgi: This stuff was specifically targeted at the Japanese. 
Can't very well ignore it. 
Soon as the Burais are stocked, we move. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Supplys keep rolling in. 
And I hear lots of people are ready to join us. 
Black Knights sure are popular, huh. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Ohgi: Well, we are the heroic knights for justice. 
I'll call you when the ammo gets here. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Man: Come on Eleven, say something. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Man: You are sorry, aren't ya? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Man: Bowing your heads is what you Elevens do best, right? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Eleven...
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Man: Eatin' bad food really makes us wanna off somebody, you know? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Lelouch. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch: No, there's five of them. 
You wouldn't stand a chance at all. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: So you think I should just ignore it? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch: Go on, take a good look at that Eleven. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Man: Come on, what's the matter? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Man: Aren't you gonna cry? 
Man: Buddy, just say you're sorry. 
Lelouch: If we intervene and help him win, he wouldn't be able to sell a thing tomorrow. 
It was his choice to become a Britannian slave. 
That's just the price you pay for working in the settlement. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Well even so...
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Man: You got a problem over there? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Man: Not feeling sorry for this Eleven, are ya? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Man: Nah, they feel the same way we do, don't you guys? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch: Not quite. 
But you're tired of beating up Elevens now, aren't you? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Man: Yeah. 
This is boring. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Man: You guys wanna hit the arcade? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Man: I got no cash. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch: Well they got bored pretty quick, huh? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Hey, are you all right? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Hot Dog Seller: Huh? 
A Britannian student! 
What can I get for you? 
How about a nice California hot dog, miss? 
Is this your boyfriend? 
I can get him something too. 
I have ice cream, if you like? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch: In some ways, Area 11 is better off now than the old Japan ever was. 
Being made a colony of the Empire has stabilized its military and economic position in the world. 
Elevens can even attain full citizenship through the legal process. 
It's easy to become a honorary Britannian. 
Just a question of pride, really. 
Though I can certainly understand why they'd resist. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: And? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch: Um? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Knowing all that, what does Lelouch Lamperouge think about it at all? 
What do you wanna do? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch: Nothing. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: You know, you've got a lot of brains but you don't seem to be doing much with them. 
It's all Shirley talks about, saying how intelligent you are but how you barely ever apply yourself. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch: That's why I don't do anything. 
That Eleven we saw back there could tell you. 
He could lead a better life as long as he bows his head to Britannia. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: You must think you're pretty cool, huh? 
Just playing the critic and judging the world from the sidelines. 
Guess I was a fool to expect anything more from you. 
You know, I really thought you were a better man than this. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Villetta: So, about this Orange thing... 
Sorry to bring it up. 
Is this whole thing true, though? 
That you can't remember anything about when Private Suzaku Kururugi was taken. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Jeremiah: I don't except you to believe me. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Villetta: No, it's just that... during the whole Shinjuku incident, I suffered some sort of memory lapse also. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Jeremiah: You did? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Villetta: By the time I regained my senses, my Sutherland had been stolen. 
But right before that entire gap in my memory, I remember running into some high school kid. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Jeremiah: So you think it was that student? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Villetta: I can't remember his face, but there may still be a way to get to the bottom of this. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: What the hell is Zero thinking? 
After all his talk about bringing down Britannia, he's just got us running around helping the police. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: Still feels pretty good to have the will of the people behind us, though. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: Yeah, he's right. 
We're totally heroes on the Net. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Are we in the right? 
I don't know any more. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: Kallen...
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: There's the signal from Zero. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: I can't believe he got in there. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: How many tricks does this guy have up his sleeve, anyway? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: Is the shipment for Nagoya ready? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: Nice and safe here in the settlement, huh? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: The Black Knights have arrived! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: Intruders! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: The Knightmares! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: Screw this! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: These Knightmares really are amazing. 
Each one is an army unto itself. 
Man: Japan! 
Japan! 
Japan! 
Woman: That's right, I'm getting married next month! 
Man: I've been promoted! 
I'm going to the Paris office! 
Man: Leave it to us! 
Japan is on the vanguard of technology! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Refrain...
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Man: I'm studying abroad! 
I can't believe I got in! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Milly: When you add them all up, they eventually break you. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: That's right, which is why I'm here. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen's Mother: Careful, it's dangerous to run like that. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Mother!? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen's Mother: Really, Naoto. 
Please, I need you to keep an eye on your little sister. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: My God, how weak a woman are you, Mother...
First you give in to Britannia, then to a man, and now this...
My brother is gone forever. 
Let him go! 
The [Night]?! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: Isn't that a police unit? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: They're in on this deal? 
Tamaki! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Tamaki: Don't look at me! 
When I checked it out, there weren't any cops involved! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch: Corrupted filth...
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: You're in the way! 
Damn it! 
I don't need you! 
I don't want you! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen's Mother: Kallen... Naoto...
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch: It won't work on a Knightmare. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Go on, run. 
Get moving, you idiot! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen's Mother: I'm here for you. 
I'm here for you, Kallen. 
I'm here, as I always have been. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kalen: Then that's... that's why you stayed in his house? 
You stayed there for me? 
You fool! 
Or maybe... 
I'm the fool. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: Kallen! 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen's Mother: I'm so happy for you... You can finally become a Britannian now, Kallen. 
Nobody will ever be able to hurt you now, darling. 
And you're free to travel and use the phone anytime you want. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Lelouch: So this... is her mother? 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: False tears bring pain to those around you. 
A false smile brings pain to one's self. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">: It's an after-effect of Refrain. 
She's unable to talk much. 
She'll recover eventually, but it will take time. 
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Mother, your sentence... you got 20 years. 
But you wait! 
I'm working to change things when you get out, I swear to you! 
I'll make a world where you and I can live a normal life again. 
So please, Mother...
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen's Mother: Hang in there... 
Hang in there, Kallen... My little girl...
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Kallen: Don't you worry... 
I will. 
I promise you.-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">
-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">


-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Next episode:-bottom: 1em; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-top: 1em;">Memories of the past? 
Those who indulge in are foolishly happy. 
Because they assume that tomorrow is coming. 
But really, what guarantee is there of that? 
If Kallen is struggling to dispel such illusions, I'll stand by her. 
All we can do is live each day, one moment at a time. 
Lelouch, a young outcast prince of Britannia, possesses two great powers. 
One of them is Geass, the absolute ability to compel any person to do whatever he commands. 
The other is the Black Knights, his military force assembled with the intent of destroying the Britannian Empire ruled by his father. 
Veiling his true identity behind a mask and the codename Zero, Lelouch has made his move to avenge his mother's murder and to create a world in which his younger sister Nunnally can find happiness. 
What will be the final outcome of these actions...? 
At this point, no one can predict. 
----[OP]----

Lelouch: Hm, a Britannian? 
Looks too confident to be a spy. 
An extremist? 
C.C: Isn't it wonderful? 
How the number of recruits keeps growing. 
Lelouch: And it was simpler than I ever expected. 
"While I bitterly hate the Britannians, I refused to condone terrorism." 
That's the prevailing view of most Elevens. 
C.C: Then basically elevens support the Black Knights for the most part. 
Lelouch: Which in turn makes it easier for us to operate as a whole. 
It's a huge help that people don't report our activities to the Britannians. 
Plus, I hear some group called Kyoto offer to send us some Knightmares. 
The number of informants has been increasing quickly, too. 
The Japanese can't resist jumping on the bandwagon. 
They hear well grounded buzzword enough they go. 
C.C: Hence the "Knights for Justice" act. 
Lelouch: Yeah, well everybody loves a hero, and what better hero than a knight. 
C.C: I kind of doubt that's what a real knight for justice would say. 
Lelouch: You don't thinks so? 
Diethard: Yes, I was demoted from my position. 
In very much the same way that you were. 
Villetta: We have no intention of letting the situation end this way. 
And we have the sneaking suspicion that you don't either. 
Diethard: That's so? 
Well, who can say. 
Jeremiah: We have a lead that might help us find zero. 
Villetta: You're familiar with Ashford Private Academy? 
I want to investigate a male student attending there. 
I think he may be working with zero. 
Jeremiah: Villetta and I are going to be shipping out with the military soon for duty. 
And will be stationed in the Narita mountains. 
Therefore...

Diethard: Narita? 
Isn't that where the Japan Liberation Front headquarters are rumored to be located? 
Jeremiah: You may be a bit too clever for your own good. 
Diethard: You overestimate me. 
Soldier: Wow, it's amazing

Soldier: These are Glassgows, aren't they? 
Soldier: Burais, a Japanese modification. 
Soldier: I've never seen these before. 
Soldier: Man, the Black Knights have gotta some serious muscle. 
Soldier: It wasn't easy to sign up with the BK. 
Soldier: So that makes us special. 
huh? 
We're elites. 
[I'm totally up.] 
Sugiyama: Those guys from Kyoto, They believed in us. 
They sent us this. 
Soldier: A completely made Japanese Knightmare. 
Kallen: A Guren MK2. 
Minami: Did you check up the manual? 
Tamaki: I'm really love in this. 
The big shots in Kyoto are recognizing us. 
We've got their approval. 
Soldier: Tamaki san, would you show me how to use this equipment here. 
Tamaki: Oh sure. 
hang on, I'll be right there. 
Inoue: Newbies, what are you gonna do? 
Lelouch: First Tamaki and now Inoue and the rest are treating this like a party. 
Kyoto is backing multiple resistance groups, correct? 
Kallen: Yes. 
Which means that we finally made it in. 
They know that we're worthy. 
Lelouch: No, you're wrong there Kallen. 
This is merely a test they put to us. 
Kallen: So, what if it is. 
This is still incredible. 
Lelouch: You're an optimist. 
Kallen: What's this? 
Lelouch: The Guren Mk-II is yours now, Kallen. 
Kallen: Mine? 
but we have a lot more people now, and we can't afford to lose you. 
We need the Guren's defense to protect you. 
Lelouch: You're a top notch pilot. 
I'm a commander. 
I'll use a Burai. 
But you're our only ace to play during a battle. 
Besides. 
You have a reason to fight. 
Kallen: Right. 
Ohgi: Zero. 
you got a second? 
We got some weird intel here from a Britannian who wants to join up with the Black Knights. 
Ohgi: This maybe a trap to draw us out. 
I'd say even if we wanna confirm the information it's too risky to contact him directly. 
But news like this isn't something we can just ignore. 
What should we do? 
Lelouch: This weekend, we're going hiking. 
Ohgi: What? 
Lelouch: To the Narita mounts. 
Ohgi: Very well, then. 
Nunnally: Sayoko, we won't need any breakfast for my brother this morning. 
Sayoko: He's going out? 
Nunnally: He'll be leaving on a three day trip starting today. 
Sayoko: Oh, I see. 
My, your brother's been going out quite a bit recently. 
Think it's a girlfriend? 
Nunnally: Maybe it is. 
Soldier: Sector five, nothing to report. 
Right. 
The next scheduled report will be in two hours. 
Soldier: Of course, there's nothing to report. 
This area's controlled by the Japan Liberation Front. 
No one can just stroll in... 
Zero! 
Lelouch: Relax, I only came to talk. 
I want you to ignore any unusual activity during your watch. 
Soldier: Sure, no problem. 
Soldier: Come on, it's your turn. 
Soldier: What's the rush. 
We're just on regular duty, you know. 
Soldier: I've confirmed the signal from Zero. 
We're now moving to way point 2. 
Tamaki: Hey, why doesn't Zero just use the radio in his Burai. 
Inoue: And what do you suppose he meant when he said hiking? 
Minami: Ah... military training, right? 
Tamaki: Only with Zero in another location? 
Sugiyama: Maybe we'll dig a hot spring. 
Soldier: Is that why we brought those excavators. 
Soldier: Then, hell, I'm all for it. 
Tamaki: Kallen, you heard anything about this? 
Kallen: I haven't

Tamaki: You, Ohgi? 
Ohgi: Nope, not a word. 
Ohgi: Zero wasn't using the radio to avoid being traced. 
Is he serious about this? 
Lelouch: The day I've waited for has finally come, Cornelia. 
Darlton: We're certain that the Japan Liberation Front headquarters are in this area. 
We've already split 4 battalions into seven units and hidden them in the vicinity. 
We've only to wait for the viceroy signal then we'll surround them in one fell swoop and wipe them out

Euphemia: And are you confident that the enemy won't show up outside the encirclement line? 
Cornelia: You mean Zero? 
Darlton: Have no fear about that. 
As the operation begins, we'll be blocking off the surrounding highways and mountain routes also. 
Cornelia: Plus, we have reserve units. 
If zero is stupid enough to show up, it'll be the end of him. 
Milly: What? 
You wanna meet her? 
Are you kidding? 
Do you know who you're talking about? 
She's a princess and you're just a citizen. 
What do you have in common aside from that hotel jacking. 
Nina: Yes, but... as for Princess Euphemia, I never got to thank her. 
Milly: Hm, there was a time when my family name had the influence to arrange that. 
So, tell me Nina, do you know what the social status is of a principal's grand daughter? 
Nina: Um, not a very high one? 
Milly: Correct, not very. 
Lelouch: C.C., what are you doing here? 
C.C: I said that I would protect you, didn't I? 
Lelouch: Aren't you overdoing it? 
C.C: I've been wondering about something Lelouch, Why are you Lelouch. 
Lelouch: I don't have time to discuss philosophy with you. 
C.C: You changed your family sir name to Lamperouge
but you kept Lelouch the name that was given to you at birth. 
How sentimental. 
You can't let go of the past. 
Lelouch: Well, C.C. swings to the other extreme, doesn't it? 
It's not a human name. 
C.C: Lelouch, do you know why snow is white? 
Snow is white because it's forgotten what color it's supposed to be. 
Soldier: All units are in position. 
Cornelia: Understood. 
Euphemia will provide logistical support From G1 as planned. 
Have her command medical group. 
Soldier: Yes, Your Highness. 
Guilford: Princess Cornelia. 
Cornelia: Guilford, let me guess. 
This is about Euphie, isn't it? 
Guilford: Yes. 
she really should be in a government agency, not...

Lelouch: But she's being unusually stubborn about this. 
She told me she wanted to see actual combat for herself. 
Euphemia: What's that unit there holding to the rear. 
Soldier: Our reserve force with an Eleven pilot. 
Euphemia: What? 
You mean that's the Lancelot? 
Soldier: As a rule, Numbers aren't permitted to operate Knightmares but that particular unit is an exception. 
Soldier: The second prince is the patron of that unit. 
We have no say over their personal selection. 
But he said he wants them to have as many chances at real combat as possible. 
Ohgi: Are you really going through with this? 
Lelouch: Our opponent is Cornelia, whose forces are among the best Britannia has to offer. 
Ohgi: Then why don't we cooperate with the Japan Liberation Front? 
Lelouch: What was that? 
Ohgi, don't you believe in me anymore? 
Ohgi: What do you mean? 
I was the one who asked you to be our leader, don't you remember? 
Lelouch: Then there's only one answer to give. 
Ohgi: Right. 
Darlton: Viceroy, it's time. 
Cornelia: Right. 
Commence operation. 
You, the Japan Liberation Front. 
You, who time has left behind. 
You, who have forgotten basic human decency. 
You and your dream of a bygone golden age shall fall and rot to nothingness. 
Katase: We're under enemy attack? 
Soldier: Yes sir. 
the Britannian forces has completely encircled the Narita mountains. 
We've counted over a hundred units. 
Lelouch: It's begun. 
Tamaki: Huh? 
What the hell? 
You've gotta be kidding, Zero. 
Those troops coming in have this whole area totally surrounded. 
There's no way out. 
Lelouch: We've already been cut off. 
Our only chance of surviving now is to fight. 
Inoue: What? 
We can't fight the Britannians. 
Tamaki: Let me get this straight. 
We're surrounded and you want us to fight them head-on? 
Sugiyama: And we'll be fighting against Cornelia. 
Her forces are far stronger than any we've encountered. 
Lelouch: Correct. 
It would be a miracle if we win this. 
Ohgi: Zero, what are you saying. 
Lelouch: Even Messiahs need to perform miracles if they're to be acknowledged. 
Therefore, we have to produce our own miracle, don't we? 
Tamaki: Now look, pulling this off isn't gonna be cheap! 
The price could be our lives! 
I knew it wasn't sane to make you our leader! 
It should be me! 
Lelouch: Our path of retreat has been cut off. 
If you think you can win without me then shoot me! 
Someone, anyone. 
Since you've joined the Black Knights, you have only two choices. 
You may either live with me or you may perish with me. 
Soldier: We're completely surrounded and our underground reserve forces were captured all at once. 
Soldier: General Katase. 
we've received the message from Cornelia's forces demanding our surrender. 
Katase: Imbecile. 
If we fall here then we've lost and the whole resistant movement falls with us. 
Soldier: Then general, do we engage the enemy in battle or do we dig in? 
Katase: What about Tohdoh. 
Where is he? 
Soldier: He's gone to Kyoto. 
To get the custom Burais. 
Soldier: The four holy swords are traveling with him, too. 
Soldier: If they're on schedule, they should be returning soon. 
but.. 
Soldier: Tohdoh won't make it in time. 
Katase: Prepare to send out the Burais. 
We'll break the encirclement on one side and evacuate. 
We'll show them the Japanese spirit and pride. 
This is our moment of truth. 
Soldier: We believe that the enemy's main base is located in a mountains here,
but we haven't pinpointed at yet. 
However until we obtain a list of their corroborators,
we can't burn down everything with our aerial bombing. 
Soldier: The enemy is engaging our encirclement, now try to breakthrough with some point. 
From there we'll be able to ascertain where their base is. 
Soldier: Our forces are divided into three fronts. 
The units let by General Darlton here, General Alex here, and Viceroy Cornelia here. 
As for our flanking forces... what? 
Soldier: It's enemy ECM. 
Darlton: The main enemy force should be coming out anytime now. 
We're switching to ECCM mode, link up on channel alfa four. 
The enemy what are we calling them again? 
Soldier: Burais, sir. 
Darlton: Right, the rather like pseudo Glasgow, so watchout for them. 
Soldier: Yes, my Lord. 
Cornelia: How clever, they turned this whole mountain into a fortress. 
Guilford: Your Highness, Please fallback. 
Cornelia: Guilford, don't treat me as though I'm another one of your women. 
Guilford: Princess Cornelia. 
Soldier: It's Cornelia. 
Soldier: Don't panic. 
Take out their leader. 
Cornelia: Insolent worms! 
Guilford: Right, well then I'll cover you from the rear. 
Cornelia: Hm, well Cornelia is here. 
Is there no one who will challenge me? 
Lelouch: What's wrong? 
Challenge me and try to take me down. 
Tamaki: All right, fine. 
Do what you want. 
Sugiyama: We acknowledge you as our leader, Zero. 
Lelouch: Thank you very much. 
I appreciate it. 
Announcement: An evacuation order has been issued for this area. 
Anyone remaining must evacuate at once. 
I repeat. 
An evacuation order has been... 
Researcher: Why did they choose this place... 
Researcher: If the military should find the experimental data on Code R, it's all over. 
Researcher: Oh my. 
Being inside the terrorist area, we thought it would be difficult for them to discover us. 
Researcher: This was all General Bartley's decision, so there's no use in complaining about it. 
Cornelia: They're too fragile. 
Darlton: The enemy seems to be concentrated over here. 
This maybe the target. 
Split up now. 
Soldier: No good. 
Our second attack wave had no effect. 
Katase: Their sheer dominance is insurmountable. 
Guilford: General Darlton, based on the analysis of the enemy's movements,
I've determined that the entrance to the JLF main base is that lodge located up on the mountain. 
Darlton: I believe the proper word for this situation is "Bingo". 
Soldier: Well, to be more precise sir....

Darlton: Oh just call it and already, Mr. Literal. 
Cornelia: Is that... Darlton? 
Guilford: So, that's where the main enemy base is located? 
Cornelia: Right. 
We'll be securing our position here. 
Guilford: Are you sure about this? 
Cornelia: I don't need to steal achievements from my subordinates. 
Send reserve force to back up Darlton. 
Looks like he'll be getting another medal. 
Lelouch: Impressive as always Cornelia, a very logical deployment. 
However excellent though it is, it's also easy to read as is your location. 
Jeremiah: I thought the reserve units were supposed to be assigned to General Darlton..

Villetta: That's right, they were, but our unit has to secure the rear line of Viceroy Cornelia. 
Jeremiah: You mean this is the rear line? 
You can't get any further away from the battlefield. 
How am I going to redeem my reputation out here if I'm not even near the fighting? 
Soldier: We've lost contact with Nakamura's unit. 
Soldier: No response from sector three. 
Soldier: Major Tabata has been killed. 
Soldier: Kurota and Kurata are gone, too. 
Soldier: What about Nagai? 
Katase: Where's Tohdoh. 
If only he were here the divine wind would blow. 
We'd have another miracle of Itsukushima. 
Soldier: Look out! 
Asahina: Sir, don't you think this is a little extreme? 
Tohdoh: Asahina, Chiba, prep the custom Burais ASAP. 
Tell Urabe and Senba behind us to do the same. 
Traffic is blocked off all around Narita. 
They've already begun to attack. 
I just pray that we are in time. 
Darlton: Now any resistance still remaining in Area 11...

Cornelia: ... will soon be finished. 
Lelouch: Right, all preparations have now been completed. 
Black Knights. 
prepare to move out. 
Soldier: Damn it, we have no choice. 
Soldier: I don't wanna die. 
Soldier: We'll make a miracle happen. 
Soldier: Yeah, we'll have Zero with us. 
Lelouch: We the Black Knights are going to launch a surprise attack on the Britannians from the summit of the mountain. 
Per my instructions, you will charge on most down toward point three. 
And the intent of this operation is to capture Cornelia, second Princess of Britannia. 
Our breakthrough route will be opened by the Guren Mk-II. 
Kallen, use penetrating electrode number three, settle things with one blow. 
Kallen: Got it. 
Output confirmed. 
Wave surger level is ready and holding. 
Activating gun bullet now. 
Kallen: It worked! 
Soldier: Ooh... What's happening? 
Soldier: Is this an earthquake? 
Soldier: At a time like this? 
Aah! 
Soldier: What the hell? 
Euphemia: What's happening? 
Soldier: Impossible. 
How could a landslide come out of nowhere. 
Soldier: Alex and Darlton's units are getting wiped out! 
Soldier: Climb. 
Get to higher ground. 
Cornelia: Status report. 
Soldier: We're still trying to confirm. 
Guilford: Your highness, fall back. 
You're in danger there. 
Cornelia: I don't care. 
Forget about me. 
Find out about Darlton. 
and where's Alex? 
Soldier: Will this place hold together? 
Soldier: This center area should make it through. 
Lloyd: Oh my, at this rate they'll be swept all the way to the bottom. 
Cecile: These heat readings are abnormal. 
Do you believe a hydrovolcanic eruption was artificially induced? 
Lloyd: Impossible. 
Unless of course, someone's used Rakshata's Radiant Wave surger. 
Suzaku: Hey, has something happened? 
Lloyd: Aha. 
But it is has nothings to do with us. 
So just relax and continue waiting. 
Lelouch: Heh. 
It's even more destructive than I anticipated. 
We did succeed in isolating Cornelia's unit but we could've been a bit more accurate. 
Perhaps I should've consulted a physics teacher or ask Nina to tutor me in probability. 
Soldier: New enemy force confirmed moving in from the summit. 
Carius unit is moving to engage them. 
Cornelia: Hoping to take advantage of all the confusion, are they? 
Soldier: Emergency call from Carius unit. 
Cornelia: What's wrong? 
Soldier: It's not the Japan liberation Front, they think it's the Black Knights. 
Cornelia: What? 
Then it's? 
Jeremiah: Zero. 
How dare he show up here, Zero! 
Villetta: Lord Jeremiah, you can't just abandon your post. 
Jeremiah: This requires drastic measures. 
If you want glory in life, then follow me! 
Lelouch: Cornelia has only limited reinforcements headed her way. 
Smash right through them. 
Soldier: Yeah, we can do this now. 
Inoue: All right everybody? 
You know the game plan. 
Our job is to watch their backs. 
Get ready? 
Fire! 
Jeremiah: The enemy's taken out Carius's unit? 
If I can finish this before Zero reaches Princess Cornelia, then I'll be golden. 
Villetta: Lord Jeremiah. 
Jeremiah: Villetta you came. 
I knew that you would. 
Lelouch: Burn the bridges behind you and keep your back to the wall. 
Classical strategies remain effective ones, don't they? 
Jeremiah: Zero. 
Soldier: Ugh, damn it. 
Jeremiah: Is Zero here? 
If he is, then face me. 
Come forward and fight Jeremiah Gottwald! 
Lelouch: Well, well, it's been a while Jeremiah. 
So you're still in the army? 
I'd love to stay and catch up but I'm afraid I don't have time right this minute, Orange Boy. 
Jeremiah: Orange? 
Die! 
Villetta: Lord Jeremiah. 
Jeremiah: Stay out of this. 
This is my duel. 
Villetta: But look at it, I've never seen a Knightmare like that before. 
Is it possible that the Elevens have...

Jeremiah: You think Elevens are capable of such technology? 
Jeremiah: It's fast. 
This thing, is this what destroyed Carius's unit? 
Kallen: Yeah that's right Britannia. 
We can finally go up against you on equal footing head on. 
And our counter attack begins with this baby the Guren Mk-II...Uuugh! 
Jeremiah: Oh hell! 
There's something on its right hand. 
But if I keep my distance? 
What's this? 
Kallen: Sorry. 
Jeremiah: Ah...
What-- What the hell's happening?! 
Villetta: Lord Jeremiah, eject. 
Jeremiah: I can't run now. 
Zero's right in front of me. 
He's standing right here. 
Damn it! 
The auto-eject! 
Don't you dare activate! 
I can still get Zero! 
I know it! 
I know I can still get him! 
Aah! 
Kallen: I won't lose! 
Not with this... Guren Mk-II! 
Villetta: They defeated Lord Jeremiah! 
Who are the Black Knights? 
Who are they, these warriors? 
Lelouch: All our tasks at hand have been cleared. 
The pieces are in position. 
The only thing left to do is check my opponent's stronghold. 
Cornelia: Uh...



Decision time! 
Even Cornelia will lose with only limited allied reinforcements. 
Plus we have the Guren Mk-II. 
I'll capture her, then at last I'll learn the truth about my mother's death. 
And once she's my prisoner, I win! 
Barring any unforeseen events, my Black Knights will claim victory! 
The Japan Liberation Front, the largest insurgent group in Area 11. 
Viceroy Cornelia was determined to crash them. 
She encircled the Narita mountains where her proud Britannian legions applied overwhelming force,
sure their inferior enemy was vanquished. 
Then the Black Knights made their move. 
Using the Guren Mk-II's radiant wave surger, they caused the water veins of the summit to explode at once. 
The mountain collapsed. 
Both the Japan Liberation Front and the main Britannian forces were engulfed in mud and rushing water. 
Cornelia was isolated. 
Most of her forces lost. 
Seeking an unprecedented reversal, Zero commanded the Black Knights to hunt down Cornelia. 
In their hearts, everyone has faith on their own existence and ultimate triumph. 
However, When time and destiny unfold, this faith turns out to be quite fleeting and pointless. 
Darlton: What are our losses? 
Army: I've only got signal from 20% of our forces. 
Darlton: 20%? 
Our command structure can't sustain this. 
Army: This is Marceau unit. 
I can't raise General Alex. 
It looks like the second division has been wiped out! 
Suzaku: Lloyd, what's going on? 
Lloyd: Umm, it's very unnatural. 
Suzaku: Unnatural? 
Lloyd: There seems to be an unconfirmed report that the Black Knights have appeared. 
Suzaku: Zero...

Lloyd: Congratulations, this is our chance. 
Suzaku: Lloyd. 
Cecile: You're so rash. 
Lloyd: Whoa? 
Why is that? 
Cecile: Would you like a detailed explanation? 
Lloyd: Eeh, no, I will pass... 
Anyway, while the high command's still gathering data, all we can do is play by ear, right? 
Army: Is the viceroy safe? 
Army: Yes, she was outside the mud flow. 
But the units guarding her flank were lost. 
That means she's totally isolated. 
Army: What the hell are those Pure Bloods doing? 
Kewell: C'mon, move! 
I can't lose to Elevens. 
I am a Britannian! 
Villetta: Lord Kewell!! 
Lelouch: All right. 
Guren Mk-II, move to planned point. 
We'll break through the rest of their line and take Cornelia. 
Kallen: Right. 
Black Knights: Got it. 
Let's pull this off. 
Villetta: Fight to the death! 
Sugiyama: Ugh...Aahh! 
Tamaki: Sugiyama, you're okay? 
Sugiyama: Yeah...

Black Knights: Get them. 
Lelouch: That's right. 
Move swiftly. 
If you survive this battle, you can call yourself a true warrior. 
And afterward...



Army: The Pure Bloods are holding their ground? 
Army: Yes sir. 
Under Lady Villetta's command. 
Army: Then use the moment for the viceroy to retreat. 
Send air cover. 
Euphemia: No wait. 
Something's approaching the viceroy from behind. 
Tohdoh: All units, are you ready? 
Four Holy Sword: Yes sir. 
Tohdoh: All right. 
Deploy the custom Burais. 
Four Holy Sword: Deploy. 
Tohdoh: Listen carefully. 
If this landslide was manmade, it should allow us to hit Cornelia from behind. 
Capture Cornelia now. 
Take revenge for what happened seven years ago. 
Four Holy Sword: Yes sir. 
By the honor of the four holy swords. 
Cornelia: What? 
Guilford: Protect her highness. 
Tohdoh: Surround them. 
Cornelia: Japan Liberation Front? 
Tohdoh: Slash and encircle! 
Four Holy Sword: Right! 
Tohdoh: These are not just any Burais. 
Asahina: This reminds me of seven years ago. 
Chiba: But it's different now. 
This time we have Knightmares as well. 
Guilford: Your highness, leave them to us. 
Please you have to withdraw for now. 
Cornelia: Very well. 
I know a way to turn this around. 
Guilford. 
Guilford: Yes. 
Cornelia: After you drive them back, meet me over at point nine. 
Guilford: Nine? 
I understand. 
JLF: Cornelia! 
Cornelia: You weaklings. 
Villetta: All right. 
Keep this up and crash Zero! 
Tamaki: Maybe we should get Kallen over here. 
Lelouch: No, if we break formation now, our plan is ruined. 
This is turning grim. 
If it goes on we'll be fighting her royal guard next. 
Kallen: Zero, Cornelia is under attack down below. 
Lelouch: What's that? 
Which team made the move. 
Kallen: It's not our people. 
Looks like the JLF. 
Lelouch: Someone else understands my intent? 
How excellent. 
They'll hold off the royal guard which is just what we need. 
Tohdoh: I'm sorry for the late arrival, general. 
Katase: Tohdoh. 
We've been waiting. 
Tohdoh: General, please send all remaining units to join me here. 
Katase: Can you beat them? 
Tohdoh: Yes. 
But only if we can hold off their main force. 
We have a chance now to turn the entire war around. 
Guilford: I've heard area 11 has a formidable commander, their shining knight. 
Is this him? 
Tohdoh? 
Fine. 
Let him try me. 
Darlton: Umm... at a time like this? 
Army: What do we do? 
Darlton: Fall back! 
We have to find a way to link up with viceroy Cornelia. 
Army: But sir. 
Their main base is right in front of us. 
And if we're hit from behind we'll be wiped out! 
Darlton: You fool! 
If princess Cornelia is taken by these Elevens this entire battle is lost! 
Army: Y..yes sir. 
whoaa. 
Army: Sub-viceroy Euphemia you must act now to prevent disaster. 
Send in the G1! 
Euphemia: No. 
Army: But commander Guilford is completely pinned down. 
He can't get to Cornelia. 
Her life is at stake here. 
Euphemia: We can't. 
There's a field hospital right here and civilians. 
They've been evacuated from all over the area and brought to this point. 
Besides, the G1 base is a command center. 
The viceroy ordered me not to move it
no matter what, that's why ... 
I just can't. 
Lloyd: Well, hello there. 
The ASEEC crew reporting for duty. 
Army: Insolence! 
Army: You are irregulars. 
Your orders are to keep silent and observe. 
Cecile: Yes sir, normally we would but..
Lloyd: But all of this waiting around is boring. 
Suzaku: Sub-viceroy Euphemia, I beseech you. 
Please order us into the battle. 
Army: How transparent. 
You just want the glory of rescuing the viceroy. 
Army: Our whole army is out there. 
You think one unit is going to change things with an Eleven pilot? 
Lloyd: Right, right. 
But what's the harm in trying? 
Since it's just one unit it won't look bad for you if we lose, right? 
Are you listening? 
Euphemia: Euphe? 
Yes I understand. 
Please do it. 
Lloyd: We got it. 
Cecile: Thank you very much. 
Suzaku: Right. 
I won't fail. 
Tohdoh: Damn it. 
He's fierce. 
Tohdoh: Scatter! 
Urabe: Lieutenant Colonel, what about Cornelia. 
Tohdoh: If Zero's the man I think he is, he's moving into position right now. 
We've got to trust him. 
Guilford: What? 
Zero's on the move? 
Villetta: Right. 
We'll keep going and come over and back you up. 
Guilford: Never mind that now. 
Just track Zero. 
Villetta: Yes sir. 
This is his projected course. 
Guilford: The princess was trying to trap Tohdoh. 
Now there's a Knightmare waiting for her. 
Princess Cornelia! 
Cornelia: I got the message. 
Guilford. 
Cécile:
Advanced weapon system Z01 Lancelot. 
Utilize sand-panels to climb liquified slope at max combat speed and rescue the viceroy. 
Suzaku:
Yes, my Lord. 
Lloyd:
Suzaku, there's one thing I want to ask you. 
Suzaku:
What's that? 
Lloyd:
More than anything, you hate when people die. 
Yet, you are in the military. 
Why is that? 
Suzaku:
I'm in the military to stop people from dying. 
Lloyd:
And that self-contradiction will get you killed someday. 
Ugh, sorry about that. 
Suzaku:
Lancelot, now launching...

Kallen:
Cornelia! 
Cornelia:
Lowborn scum! 
Kallen:
Ugh...! 
Cornelia:
What's this? 
That's not just a customized unit. 
Zero:
Can you hear me, Cornelia. 
This is checkmate. 
Cornelia:
Zero. 
Zero:
Yes. 
Should we cerebrate our reunion? 
Of course, you'll have to surrender to us first. 
And after that, there are a few questions I want to ask you. 
And in case you are wondering, your reinforcements won't get here in time. 
I win, Cornelia. 
Cornelia:
You are a fool, Zero. 
This one. 
If I take this one out, I'm free and clear! 
You've got some moves! 
Kallen:
Huh! 
Cornelia:
Huh? 
Ugh! 
Coward! 
Attacking from behind! 
Zero:
Really? 
And your own attack methods don't show acts of cowardice? 
Darlton:
Ugh...Aghhhhh... 
They've launched a pincer assault before we could regroup. 
I'll never be able to reach the Princess now. 
Villetta:
Aghhhhh! 
Senba:
Lieutenant Colonel, we've crashed the enemy reinforcements. 
Tohdoh:
Right. 
Switch to Spinning Life Or Death formation. 
Four Holy Swords:
Yes, sir. 
Guilford:
Ahh... 
If this goes on, Princess Cornelia will be...
Cornelia:
Guilford. 
Guilford, my knight. 
You and Darlton protect Euphe. 
Guilford:
Your highness! 
Cornelia:
I won't surrender. 
As an imperial princess, I'll fight to the last. 
Guilford:
Agh... Princess Cornelia!! 
Zero:
Huh. 
She is so predictable. 
Zero:
Ugh...
Kallen:
Agh...
-headline">Cécile:
Oh my! 
Lloyd:
As reckless as ever, eh? 
He's used the VARIS to clear the obstacles in his path. 
Suzaku:
Viceroy, are you all right? 
I came to help your Highness. 
Cornelia:
Special Corp? 
Who authorized you? 
Guilford:
He can get her out of there. 
If it is the Lancelot unit. 
Tamaki:
Hey, isn't that Knightmare...? 
Ohgi:
Yeah. 
The one from Shinjuku and Lake Kawaguchi. 
Zero:
Again?! 
It's him again?! 
Mk-II, destroy that unit immediately! 
It's interfered with us enough! 
Kallen:
Right. 
Suzaku:
Huh? 
Cornelia:
You handle that thing. 
I'll take out Zero. 
Kallen:
Now, you'll pay for Shinjuku! 
Suzaku:
Huh? 
It's as fast as the Lancelot? 
Kallen:
If I could take it down...
Is that all you've got?! 
Suzaku:
Ugh... 
Blocked?! 
Kallen:
Ahhh...! 
Ohgi:
Hey, are you OK? 
Kallen:
I am. 
Zero:
Ohgi! 
Ohgi:
Yes. 
Zero:
How's the Guren Mk-ll?! 
Ohgi:
The right hand is wrecked. 
We've got to fix it. 
Zero:
Grrrr... Retreat! 
Ohgi:
Eh? 
Zero:
All Black Knights move to your escape points. 
This is becoming a war of attrition. 
Retreat! 
Suzaku:
Viceroy? 
Cornelia:
Go after Zero. 
Suzaku:
But...
Cornelia:
My energy filler is just drained. 
Go! 
Suzaku:
Right! 
Tamaki:
Ughaghh... 
I'm hitting this retreat thing. 
Ohgi:
We thrashed 'em. 
But if we kept pushing...
Tamaki:
Face it. 
We left the JLF there as bait but we ran away. 
Kallen:
I hate it when you say it like that but...
Ohgi:
Yeah, but people aren't just pieces in a chess game. 
Zero wouldn't think like that. 
If he did, he'd end up using us as pawns, too. 
I don't believe he'd do that. 
His rage is real. 
He hates Britannia as much as we do. 
I think a person who knows rage also knows sorrow. 
Zero:
Ughhh... Aghh...
Suzaku:
Special Corp head trailer, found Zero. 
Going in for capture. 
Suzaku: Zero, I owe you. 
I know that you've saved a lot of people. 
I know there're lots of Elevens supporting you from the shadows. 
However, your methods are very wrong. 
Suzaku: That's...
Is that the girl from the capsule in Shinjuku? 
C.C. : Stop now. 
Don't even think about hurting him. 
Lelouch: C.C. Suzaku: She's working with Zero? 
Lelouch: Wait. 
What are you doing? 
You are challenging a Knightmare? 
C.C. : It's a problem if you die. 
It'll be indirect contact but it's worth a try. 
Suzaku: Father. 
You're dead. 
That's impossible. 
No, I didn't mean to...
No, I, I just...
Lelouch: Hey, are you using Geass on him? 
C.C. : I'm just feeding him some shock images, I can't tell what he's seeing, though. 
Anyway, you've got time to get away now. 
Lelouch: What about you? 
C.C. : I can't move yet. 
You go first. 
Lelouch: Don't be foolish. 
I can't keep owning you favors. 
C.C. : No, not now! 
Lelouch: What? 
This is different. 
That's... 
C.C. : Stop. 
Stop it. 
Stay out of my mind. 
Stop it. 
No, I'm now...
You're unveiling me. 
Suzaku: I had to do it. 
Lelouch: What's happening to him? 
C.C. : Idiot. 
Get away now. 
Lelouch: C.C. C.C. : Hurry! 
Chiba: Damn you! 
Tohdoh: Don't follow! 
I have no idea what Zero is trying to do now. 
Our only course of action is to get to the General and get him out of here. 
Guilford: Your Highness, I'll be right there. 
Cornelia: Guilford, relay this message to all units. 
Prepare to retreat. 
There's no reason to waste the lives of any more of my men. 
Stay in formation and fall back cautiously. 
We have to face facts. 
We've been defeated this time. 
Tamaki: You see, Britannia sure had its hands full just dealing with the Liberation Front. 
Ohgi: Yeah, that gave us the chance we needed to escape. 
Kallen: Hey, where is Zero? 
I can't raise his Burai. 
You don't think he's been captured, do you? 
Lelouch: This girl, she can't be human. 
She recovers from wounds in ways that are beyond normal. 
She was shot in head in Shinjuku and yet...
Clovis confined her for his private experiments so she is not connected with Britannia. 
Her vital signs are at human levels. 
I'd better analyze the blood sample later and photograph the wounds. 
What? 
(dripping)
C.C. 
: You finally called me by my real name. 
(dripping)
Cornelia: So, Zero escaped again. 
Guilford: The Japan Liberation Front hammered our defenses and he slipped away in the confusion. 
Cornelia: Despicable. 
Using someone else to cover his movements. 
Oh, what about Kururugi? 
Guilford: He is safe now. 
We had to wait till his energy filler run out to finally stop him. 
Cornelia: Stop him from what? 
Was there a problem with his unit? 
Guilford: Apparently, it was going berserk. 
Guilford: A failure unworthy of my older brother's forces. 
Lelouch: I removed the shrapnel and cleaned the wound. 
C.C. : That wasn't necessary. 
Lelouch: Apparently not. 
C.C. : So there was no point in protecting me at all. 
Your pride always gets in the way at the most ridiculous moments. 
Lelouch: But then I learned something from it. 
(dripping)
Lelouch: That's your name, isn't it? 
C.C. : You have a bad habit of eavesdropping. 
Lelouch: Well, it's a good name. 
It's a lot more human than C.C. C.C. : Oh, that's a joke as if I want to be more human. 
After all, I, I... 
I've forgotten everything, every single thing. 
So what's the use of it? 
A name? 
But why...? 
(dripping)
Lelouch: It's a good time to say this. 
Yes, you saved me today. 
You did that before and then gave me Geass. 
That's why I'll only say this once. 
Thank you. 
C.C. : No one's ever thanked me before. 
Well then, can you show your appreciation? 
Say it again like you did before. 
Lelouch: Oh, you mean the name. 
C.C. : Just this once with tenderness like you treasure it in your heart. 
Lelouch: Very well then. 
(dripping)
Lelouch: How was that? 
C.C. : It was bad. 
It was completely bad. 
It wasn't tender. 
There was no honesty or sympathy in it. 
You spoke it oddly and worst of all, it was cold. 
Lelouch: You're a picky girl. 
C.C. : Exactly. 
That's why I go by the name C.C. Soldier: Ughh... Another soldier. 
Soldier: No wonder our battalions fell apart. 
Jeremiah: I swear I'm not Orange. 
Zero! 
Lelouch: Looks like our ride's here. 
Kallen: Zero, are you OK? 
The others went on ahead and... Who's that? 
Lelouch: Oh, you needn't worry. 
She's a very important friend. 
C.C., I don't know why snow is white. 
But I still think snow is beautiful. 
I don't hate it. 
C.C. : I see. 
(dripping)


Still not enough! 
I need something more to checkmate Cornelia. 
And I have a feeling that what's missing is inside of me, something I have to face and overcome. 
Then, I can lead the Black Knights to the next stage. 
Yes, and if necessary, I'll even! 
Lelouch, a young outcast prince of Britannia possesses two great powers. 
One of them is the absolute ability to compel any person to do whatever he commands. 
The other is the Black Knights his military force
assembled with the intent of destroying the Britannian Empire ruled by his father. 
Veiling his true identity behind the mask and the code name Zero,
Lelouch has made his move to avenge his mother's murder
and to create a world in which his younger sister Nunnally can find happiness. 
What would be the final outcome of these actions? 
At this point, no one can predict. 
Minister: The Japan Liberation Front was nearly wiped out by your Narita operation, viceroy. 
Now, we're hunting down the survivors, one by one. 
Cornelia: Are you being sarcastic? 
We're barely pulling our forces back together after that fiasco. 
Minister: No, I, I didn't mean to...

Guilford: The Occupation Government is responsible for this. 
They've done nothing about Area 11's subways and mining railways. 
In the ghettoes, they falsify the registries and property deeds as the rebellion spreads unchallenged. 
Minister: Ah, the subway tunnels stretch over the whole country. 
We can't just fill them all in. 
We don't have the budget. 
Guilford: The terrorists are using them as their strike bases and escape routes. 
Minister: B,,, But, Prince Clovis instructed us. 
Ah, he said forcing them would fuel the rebellion giving the Chinese Federation an excuse to attack. 
Cornelia: They've already got their excuse. 
Zero is growing stronger and bolder everyday. 
Darlton: Vice-Minister. 
Internal Affairs has appointed special group of the Elevens to self-govern this area, isn't that right? 
A group who are called the NAC. 
Minister: Huh? 
Darlton: When we stormed Narita, we looked for the evidence of the NAC's conspiracies. 
But it was buried in the landslide. 
Still our suspicions remain high. 
If we suppress them now...

Cornelia: Hmm, a group of blue-bloods and plutocrats. 
Relics of their dismal past. 
Minister: Oh, wait! 
please! 
These are just rumors. 
There's no evidence of that at all. 
If you suppress them, then the Eleven's economy will certainly collapse. 
That means no tax revenue to send to the homeland. 
Also, it's a prime directive of the empire that Numbers should take care of their own kind. 
Cornelia: And what have you done to find the Black Knights? 
Minister: We analyzed the shield machine they left showing Zero was behind the Narita operation. 
But that's all we've got. 
You can't squeeze information out of corpses. 
Cornelia: So you can't catch Zero and you don't want us to hit Kyoto. 
Do you know the word incompetent, minister? 
It's for people who can't get results. 
Kirihara: So, the Britannian viceroy has gone this far already. 
Man: With the Liberation Front smashed, the last embers of Japan have died away. 
Man: No, he may be on the run, but Tohdoh is still strong, still fighting. 
Man: Even if that so, I heard he lost his custom Burais. 
So, there's no hope. 
Kaguya: There is hope. 
Man: Mm? 
Man: The Black Knights? 
You've been infatuated with Zero since he rescued Suzaku Kururugi. 
We even sent him the Guren Mk-II. 
Teacher: And after the defeat at Trafalgar, Elisabeth the third found herself surrounded by revolutionaries in Edinburgh. 
Shirley: Oh, father... 
Teacher: However with the help of Lord Britannia, she's fled to the American colonies now known as our homeland Britannia. 
Shirley: Hmm... Um... H'm... Ha...

Milly: Huh? 
OK. What's got you so worried. 
Constipated? 
Your monthly? 
Shirley: Huh? 
That's not it. 
Milly: Huh... You're lonely 'cause Lelouch is gone, aren't you? 
Shirley: Wha... 
It's more like Kallen is absent the same day he is... again. 
Milly: Oh, so carefree. 
While the rest of the world grapples with what happened at Narita. 
Suzaku's been out for two days because of that, too. 
Shirley: I know that! 
But Lelou and Kallen gone on the same day together. 
That's serious. 
Milly: He he he! 
I envy you, Shirley. 
That's what I love about you. 
Nina: Huh? 
Shirley: Don't make fun of me! 
Arthur: Meow. 
Milly: Then just tell him already, three little words "I like you!". 
Shirley: Uh... 
Uh... 
I couldn't. 
I just couldn't. 
I mean what if...

Milly: What if he rejects me, it can ruin our great friendship. 
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! 
Shirley: You don't have to laugh that hard, you know? 
Milly: It's comfortable isn't it? 
This place now. 
The way we are together. 
Shirley: That's true. 
Milly: Still we should prepare ourselves a bit. 
The fact is nothing stays the same forever, you know. 
Shirley: Uh...

Milly: Oh, forget it. 
Please don't take me too seriously. 
If it's bothering you why not you just ask him the next chance you get? 
So, how do you feel about it on your side? 
Shirley: Huh? 
Wha... 
Lelou?! 
I thought you were absent! 
Lelouch: Nunnally had a little fever this morning and Sayoko was busy. 
So, I stayed home to help. 
Shirley: Oh really, you don't say. 
So, is Nunna feeling better now? 
Lelouch: A bit. 
Madam president, those papers? 
Milly: All right. 
Make sure you organize all of them by year and class, OK? 
Lelouch: Yeah, I will. 
You have a talent for ordering people around. 
Milly: He he. 
And you are a great subordinate. 
Lelouch: Subordinate? 
Huh, I guess that's what I am. 
Shirley: Oh, madam president! 
You nearly gave me a heart attack doing that! 
Huh?! 
Oh, where is my tickets? 
HUH!! 
Lelou! 
Lelouch: What is it? 
Shirley: Ah... Um...
Is my dad's letter mixed up with that paperwork? 
Lelouch: Huh? 
Oh, sorry. 
Huh? 
What's wrong? 
Shirley: Ah! 
Lelou! 
Lelouch: Shirley? 
C.C. : Ah? 
Stop being so suspicious. 
That's hardly the case. 
To me, he is nothing more than a ...

Shirley: Ah huh huh huh hu... 
I did it! 
I actually really did it! 
So, now what happens? 
He'll come, right? 
I mean he didn't say no. 
Then again...
N-n, he is just coming with me to a little concert. 
So, it's not big thing but still it's a chance. 
Huh... 
Thank you, father. 
Ah? 
Ohgi: Kyoto praised us for using the Guren Mk-II so well. 
I thought that was encouraging. 
Kallen: But there was the white armor. 
Tamaki: Don't sweat it. 
It was a tie, right? 
A tie! 
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! 
A-ha-ha-ha-ha! 
Lelouch: Why would Shirley just out of the blue? 
Shirley: My dad works where really long away from here. 
But he likes to send me great staff like this to keep my spirits up, you know? 
So, I was just wondering...

Ohgi: Here. 
Lelouch: Hmm? 
What's this? 
Ohgi: A love letter. 
Lelouch: Oh? 
From you? 
Tamaki: A-ha-ha-ha-ha! 
And they say you have no sense of humor. 
A-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! 
Kallen: You laugh too much. 
Ohgi: It's an official letter form Kyoto. 
They urgently request a meeting. 
Lelouch: Is this really such a big deal? 
Kallen: A big deal?! 
It's Kyoto! 
Ohgi: If they accept us it means funding and support. 
It could solve our financial crisis. 
Lelouch: Crisis?! 
Ohgi: Ugh...! 
Lelouch: There shouldn't be any problem if you are following the budget I laid out. 
Ohgi: Oh, well...

Tamaki: Hey! 
It's not my fault! 
We're turning into a big organization now! 
That means new expenses, you know! 
Kallen: Like French dinners for the new recruits so you can show off? 
Tamaki: Hey, you?! 
Kallen: I know where you've been taking them, big spender? 
Tamaki: Uh-ugh?! 
You know about it?! 
Lelouch: Huh... We'll put Ohgi in charge of the treasury for now. 
Tamaki: Hold it right there! 
I'm the one that's in charge of the cash! 
That's my job! 
Lelouch: If you want me to trust you then show me some results. 
Tamaki: Did you actually just say trust a guy who hides his face from his own partners?! 
Sugiyama: Huh? 
Tamaki: How about it Zero, Huh?! 
Ohgi: Hold on... That's a...

Kallen: Zero is not the problem here. 
Who cares who he is? 
He had the skill to outwit Cornelia, didn't he? 
That's why he is the leader of the Black Knights. 
Do you really need to know more? 
Tamaki: Gee...! 
Nunnally: Nina? 
Is that you? 
If you are not feeling well, then...

Nina: Oh no. 
It's nothing. 
Don't worry about it. 
Tamaki: Huh... 
So, what do we do? 
Ohgi: I don't know. 
Minami: We were in Naoto's unit. 
Sugiyama: I don't mind about his kid sister Kallen but...

Tamaki: You were next in line to be leader. 
Ohgi: No one said that at Narita. 
Inoue: 'Cause Zero practically forced us. 
Yoshida: We are the senior commanders and he keeps secrets from us. 
Ohgi: Huh...

Lelouch: I've narrowed it down to twelve possibilities. 
Now let's see which bets pay off. 
For that I'll have to meet them face to face...

(knock-knock)

Lelouch Hm? 
Who is it? 
Kallen: It's me. 
Um... 
I'm sorry if I was out of line when I spoke up back there. 
Lelouch: Kallen, tell me. 
Do you wanna know my identity as well? 
Kallen: Hmm... That girl knows, doesn't she...? 
Hmm... No, sorry to bother you. 
Nunnally: Lelouch? 
Lelouch: Huh...! 
Huh...
Looks like your fever's gone? 
Nunnally: Maybe I was just a little moody. 
Lelouch: Moody? 
Nunnally: Huh... 
It just seems to me lately that you've become a little distant like you have other things weighing on your mind. 
Lelouch: Huh...! 
Nunnally: Huh. 
Perhaps my body just did this on its own to get your attention. 
Huh. 
Lelouch: You're wrong. 
I haven't changed. 
No matter what, I'll always be at your side, Nunnally. 
Nunnally: So then, can I be a little selfish now? 
Please hold my hand just a little bit longer. 
If I fall asleep alone, I'm afraid I'll have that dream again. 
C.C. : You are serious? 
You are asking me for a favor? 
Lelouch: Yes, I got the idea from something that you said. 
No matter what Kyoto's intentions are I want their power. 
C.C. : Is that what you truly wish for? 
If it's at the very core of your reason for living then I'll try to help you. 
Lelouch: Then do it. 
C.C., I need you. 
C.C. : Hmm, I understand. 
By the way, you forgot something. 
Lelouch: Huh?! 
I didn't forget! 
I don't know when I'll be back tonight so I was planning to call her and cancel. 
C.C. : Stick to your contract. 
Huh? 
(Pi-Pi-Pi-Pi-Pi)

Lelouch: It's me. 
Oh good timing, I wanted to call. 
You see...

Shirley: Um... 
Listen, Lelou? 
Lelouch: Huh? 
Shirley: I know I made a date with you but I may be late. 
Lelouch: Huh...

Shirley: Sorry, but anyway, I'm sure it'll be fine, really. 
Hmm, but I promise you that I'll be there. 
Man: Please bring your command staff along as for my master's instruction, understood? 
Lelouch: They are patrolling the perimeter in case of any unpleasant contingencies. 
I'll call them soon. 
However before I do...

Britannian Army: Severely damaged corpses should be brought to tent 2. 
Id [your ?] 
personal items. 
Bring remains with identifiable faces to tent 1. 
Note locations and times. 
Britannian Army: Medical team 2 will arrive [and not tech support ?]. 
Transport personnel, report to tent 2. 
Suzaku: Was it really her? 
Did I really see her there? 
And then... Just forget it. 
She doesn't show up in any of the data. 
Lloyd: Dug enough bodies out of the landslide, yet? 
Suzaku: Hmm... 
I'd like to continue recovery operation if that's possible. 
Lloyd: Be my guest till it'll out of your system. 
Considering Princess Cornelia is pleasure to indulge you. 
Suzaku: Hmm...
Ah, Lloyd, Zero and the Black Knights what are they trying to do? 
What do they hope to achieve by sacrificing all these lives? 
Lloyd: They are knights for justice, haven't you heard? 
Suzaku: Is this justice? 
Lloyd: Hey hey, I hope you are not going to start spouting some embarrassing theory about the nature of justice. 
We are soldiers, after all. 
Suzaku: Huh. 
Hmm? 
Cecile: Oh Suzaku, I replaced the energy filler for you. 
Suzaku: Ah... OK.

Lloyd: Cecile. 
Cecile: I checked the units including the purebloods. 
Lloyd: And I was right, wasn't I? 
Cecile: Yes, a radiant surge. 
Lloyd: Rakshata. 
I never thought she'd work with our enemies. 
Cecile: Plus their pilot was extremely skilled. 
Suzaku's mental status is so unstable now. 
If we have to fight that Knightmare again...

Lloyd: You don't think it could win? 
Against my dear Lancelot? 
Tamaki: This is taking too long. 
When do we get there? 
Kallen: Ah, could you chill out? 
You are embarrassing. 
Tamaki: Hm. 
What the hell? 
Kallen: We are going up? 
Man: Sorry for the inconvenience. 
The master is waiting for you. 
Sugiyama: Huh...! 
Tamaki: Wow...! 
Ohgi: This is... the Fuji mines? 
Tamaki: That is not possible. 
There's no way we could be here. 
Kallen: It has to be Mt.Fuji! 
There is only one mountain like this. 
Tamaki: That means the Sakuradite is right below us? 
The damn treasure that caused this whole war. 
You know, what they do to intruders here? 
Execute them! 
Ohgi: The power of which is all the way up to here? 
Kyoto group is amazing. 
Kirihara: It's repulsive. 
Mount Fuji, a sacred mountain once known for its clear water and quiet beauty. 
Now it is bent to the empire's will, a place of hideous violation. 
Our reflection of what Japan has become. 
It [plings ?] 
me so. 
I apologize for not showing my face. 
But, Zero, your face is hidden as well. 
Unfortunately, I cannot allow this. 
To trust you, I must know who you are. 
Therefore you will show me your face. 
Kallen: Please wait! 
Zero has given us power and victory. 
That should be...

Kirihara: Silence! 
Now which of you is Ohgi? 
Ohgi: Huh...! 
That's me. 
Kirihara: You will remove Zero's mask. 
Kallen: Ohgi! 
Ohgi: I'm sorry Zero, but we need a reason to put our faith in you, too. 
So help us to put our trust in you. 
Tamaki: Huh?! 
A woman? 
Ohgi: It can't be! 
Kallen: It's not! 
This isn't Zero. 
I saw her before. 
She was with Zero after Narita. 
Kirihara: You there, girl, is this true? 
C.C. : It is. 
Kirihara: So you are not Japanese? 
C.C. : Correct, clan chief of Kyoto, Taizo Kirihara. 
Man: Huh!? 
Anyone who can identify him must die. 
Man: Especially one who is not Japanese! 
Tamaki: Hey, hold on! 
I'm not part of this! 
Lelouch: You are soft and your methods and thinking are out dated. 
That is why you'll never win! 
Kallen: Zero? 
Man: When did you...? 
Huh! 
Man: Hold on! 
He can fire at us with that remote. 
Everyone, stay back! 
Don't make a move! 
Lelouch: Taizo Kirihara, founder of Kirihara Industry which has monopoly on Sakuradite mine,
formerly a key backer of the Kururugi regime. 
However, when Japan fell, you dodged the tribunals by collaborating with the colonial rulers. 
Commonly known as Kirihara the traitor. 
In reality, you are one of the leaders of the Six Houses Of Kyoto,
who support resistance groups throughout Japan, a double agent. 
How cliche. 
Man: Show some respect, you swine! 
Kirihara: Stop! 
Lelouch: N-Hu-Hu-Hu... 
It's as you guessed though, I am not Japanese! 
Tamaki: Is he serious? 
No wonder he never showed his face. 
Kirihara: If you are not Japanese, why do you fight for Japan? 
What is it that you want? 
Lelouch: The destruction of Britannia. 
Kirihara: And so, do you believe that this is possible, that you can do it? 
Lelouch: I can, because I must. 
I have reasons which compel me execrably. 
I'm glad I'm dealing with you. 
Kirihara: You...

Lelouch: It's been a long time, Lord Kirihara. 
Kirihara: Is it really you? 
It's eight years since I finally received you as a hostage. 
Lelouch: Yes. 
And I appreciate you taking care of me then. 
Kirihara: If I hadn't come tonight, were you planning to take our messengers as hostages? 
Lelouch: Not at all. 
I came to ask for your help. 
That's all I'm seeking from you. 
Kirihara: So the flower planted eight years ago has finally bloomed. 
Tamaki: I can't see him! 
Kirihara: Ohgi! 
Ohgi: Yes! 
Kirihara: This man is a true model enemy of Britannia. 
His face must remain hidden for vital reasons. 
I urge you to follow Zero. 
And I guarantee that if you do, we will assist you generously with intelligence and strategic support. 
Ohgi: We thank you. 
Lelouch: I am grateful, Lord Kirihara. 
Kirihara: Are you embarking on the path of blood? 
Lelouch: Indeed, if that is my destiny. 
Villetta: Yes, the spelling of Fenette matches this one. 
I'm afraid this is him. 
I'm sorry you had to learn about it like this. 
Shirley's mother: It's all right...

Man: Can you please identify the body? 
Lelouch: Of course, it's too late already. 
Anyway, things are finally moving forward. 
Now the Black Knights will operate as I envisioned. 
Lelouch: I'm sorry I was late. 
I thought you'd already be back home by now. 
Anyway, never mind that. 
Come on, let's go some place to get out of the rain now. 
Shirley: Lelou, tell me. 
Zero, he fights for the weak, doesn't he? 
Lelouch: What? 
Yeah, well, that's what he says. 
Shirley: Then, then... why did he kill my father? 
You know my father. 
He was so gentle. 
He never ever hurt me. 
He didn't do anything wrong. 
But he was buried alive. 
He couldn't... breath... why... why did my father have to die? 
I... don't want this. 
No... 
Please, Lelou... help me. 
Yes, I understand my actions have consequences. 
I know that now. 
So why? 
It'd be so easy to vanish from the stage, just stop being Zero. 
If I can keep Kirihara quiet, I can go back to be merely Lelouch Lamperouge. 
But, even so! 
The actions one takes are answered by consequences waiting at their conclusion. 
There are no exceptions. 
And even Lelouch's power cannot change this. 
Despite his absolute ability to make anyone obey him, there is no escaping the inevitable. 
Lelouch has acted to avenge his mother's death and to create a world where his younger sister Nunnally can find happiness, now he is confronted by the results of his acts, consequences he never imagined, and there are more to come. 
If these unintended consequences help to create new worlds, who will bear the blame for the sins that are committed, who will take the punishment and who will measure it out? 
Priest: He was a pious soul who is always looked to God in his life and friend to us all. 
To his wife he was a devoted husband, to his child a loving father. 
Shirley: Father... 
Priest: May he rest in peace forever cradled in the bosom of our Lord. 
Shirley’s mother: No, stop! 
Don’t bury him again, please. 
He suffered enough. 
Oh God, don’t leave me. 
Shirley: Mom, he’s gone already. 
Please Mom. 
Shirley: Guess what Papa? 
Someday when I grow up, I'm gonna be your wife. 
Shirley's father: Oh that’s very sweet of you honey. 
But your teacher told you, didn’t she? 
Someday you'll meet the man you really love. 
Shirley: More than I do you? 
Shirley’s father: Hum... It’s hard to explain. 
Well, if you truly love that person and he cares for you just as much, it would make me the happiest father on earth. 
Kallen: Shirley, I'm so sorry this happened. 
Shirley: Oh, stop. 
What have you to apologize for? 
Rivalz: We feel awful. 
It just that... when we were all watching the hotel jacking on TV, I thought the Black Knights were... you know, heroes. 
I mean the news was handling it all wrong, anyway I was posting online how I thought what happened in Narita was kinda cool, and I...
Forgive me. 
Shirley: Come on! 
Don't be silly. 
That has absolutely nothing to do with this at all. 
I mean even I was saying Narita was...

Milly: Shirley, stop. 
Seriously, I'm starting to worry about you here. 
Have you cried yet? 
If you simply hold it in, It's only going to be harder for you later on. 
Shirley: You don't have to worry. 
Really, I'm fine. 
I've cried a lot. 
Suzaku: Cowards, Zero and his people. 
Their methods are just cowardly. 
He doesn't even get his hands dirty. 
He stirs people into a frenzy, tips the world into chaos, and then sits back and congratulates himself. 
It's not going to change a thing. 
Anything gained through his kind of tactics is just meaningless. 
Milly: Well, anyway, I think it's time we headed back, everyone. 
Shirley, we'll be waiting for you, back in the old student council room, same as ever. 
...
Come on guys, let's go. 
Rivalz: Hey, Lelouch! 
What? 
What I do..



Shirley: Lulu, forgive me. 
Lelouch: What? 
Shirley: It wasn't fair. 
Kissing you like that. 
It wasn't fair of me at all. 
It was just... something I did. 
Forget about it, okay? 
I shouldn’t have put you on the spot like that. 
I'm sorry. 
It was totally stupid of me. 
I mean, you finally kissed me, and I can't even be happy. 
Lelouch: Wait! 
Shirley. 
C.C. : Do you regret it? 
That your friend's father was caught up in all this? 
You were just accusing Kirihara of being too soft. 
What happened to the path of blood? 
Lelouch: Shut up. 
C.C. : But it turns out you're the soft one. 
Did you think this was all just a game? 
You've already killed your fair share of people. 
By hand, or words more often than not. 
Lelouch:Just shut up. 
C.C. : All of them left behind a family. 
All had lovers and friends. 
Are you really telling me you hadn't grasped that yet? 
I would have thought you to be better prepared. 
Lelouch: Just shut up. 
I am prepared. 
I have been from the moment I killed Clovis. 
C.C. : Then why this hesitation? 
Has she shaken you so badly? 
One kiss and you go to pieces then, huh? 
So for all your preening and posturing, you're really just a spoiled little boy with a swollen head and a big fat mouth. 
...
You ran way too deep to be turning back now. 
You've passed the point of no return. 
You need a reason for living, don't you? 
You're not going to disappoint me, are you? 
Charles: Yes, that is why people discriminate against one another. 
Euphemia: So, is that the reason why you killed my brother. 
Suzaku: And any ends gained through contemptible means aren’t worth anything. 
Ohgi: Are you really going through with this? 
Kallen: That’s all easy enough to say, isn’t it? 
Clovis: You can’t! 
We may have different mothers, but you and I are still blood. 
Suzaku: It’s nothing but self-satisfying gratification. 
C.C. : And to have this Utopia you'd...

Nunnally: I wish the world was a gentler place. 
C.C. : You appear to have a reason for living. 
Lelouch: And I've come back to change everything. 
Kirihara: Are you embarking on the path of blood? 
Lelouch: Ohgi, it’s me, Zero. 
Lloyd: I have some bad news, Suzaku. 
We've just got word from Cornelia's Royal Guard. 
We're on deck for the next operation. 
Are they acknowledging your skill or do they need another decoy? 
Cecile: Oh Lloyd, care for another lesson in proper social etiquette? 
You look like you have some time to kill. 
Lloyd: Oh, I'll have to take a pass on that. 
Now then I believe we're talking about your mission. 
Ohgi: Wait a second, Zero. 
I realize this is a request from Kyoto. 
I think we can definitely handle it. 
And I'm pretty sure that Japan Liberation Front would rather join with us than flee to foreign soil in all. 
But... 
Zero: You are the one who brought us this information. 
Diethard, wasn't it? 
Diethard: That's right. 
It is an honor that you’d meet me like this, Zero. 
Zero: So, princess Cornelia's going to deploy the Royal Marines on General Katase at the Japan Liberation Front, is that correct? 
Diethard: Yes. 
The network was already poised to broadcast a special report on it. 
Zero: Lieutenant General Tohdoh will never make it Katase in time. 
Which means that Japan Liberation Front has no military strength right now. 
Their only chance of escape is the liquid Sakuradite they're carrying. 
Ohgi: Which is why we should help General Katase escape instead of going after Cornelia. 
Zero: Ohgi, who are we? 
Ohgi: W... we are the Black Knights, Zero. 
Zero: Then we have but one task. 
We will destroy Cornelia's troops. 
And in doing so, rescue the remnants of the JLF. 
Tonight, we regain what was lost to us at Narita. 
Ohgi: What are the chances? 
Zero: Need you ask? 
Ohgi: Understood. 
Diethard: Hmm. 
Zero: Begin preparations. 
You all have your orders to carry out. 
Kallen: Uh... 
Zero. 
Zero: I have something to attend to. 
Whatever it is, save it for later. 
Darlton: Just so you know, the viceroy has reservations about using the numbers. 
But “Use every able body”, I always say, even if it's the son of the former prime minister. 
...
Our target is Katase. 
Take him out and the Japan Liberation Front is finished. 
We are sending in a Royal Marines. 
Your job will be to provide supporting fire from the shore until the marines have Katase. 
As well as annihilating any stragglers left over. 
Suzaku: Uh... 
I'm to annihilate them, sir? 
Darlton: Nobody but the target is to survive. 
Is that clear? 
Suzaku: Uh...

Darlton: Warrant officer Kururugi, show your loyalty to the crown. 
This is your chance to get ahead in the world, soldier. 
Suzaku: Understood, my Lord. 
Lloyd: Onward, Christian soldiers? 
Conflicting morals, right? 
Shirley: No, Lulu... 
It can’t be true. 
He would never get tangled up with someone like that. 
Villetta: There is a possibility that this boy is link to the Black Knights. 
Shirley: What’re you saying he’s involved? 
Villetta: In terrorism. 
Shirley: I don’t believe you. 
It can’t be... 
It has to be a lie! 
...
Lulu... I’m so sorry to be doubting you like this. 
But... 
Please... 
I wanna believe in you. 
Villetta: Dammit, she lost him. 
She'd just called me sooner, I could’ve had him. 
I should’ve grabbed him when I had the chance... No, I need proof. 
If he talks to her, I can learn what his roll is in all this. 
Which is all the more important if he can manipulate memory somehow. 
I won’t have to die, striped of my position and honor like Jeremiah. 
Hell, this is the chance to move back up again. 
So I have to find out a link to Zero. 
It has to be me. 
Lelouch: Who is there? 
Kallen: I... 
I'm sorry, I'll go. 
Lelouch: Second thoughts? 
Kallen: I thought that the goal was justice. 
The only reason I've fought until now is because I thought it was the right thing to do. 
So I could live with the killing, but now...
Tell me. 
Is this real? 
Is what we are all doing here really going to change the world for the better? 
Lelouch: Yes, it will, or rather it must change the world. 
Will there be sacrifices? 
Not only just soldiers but the innocent as well. 
And yet, because of all these things, we have no choice but to continue on. 
No matter the cost, even if people see us as cowards, we have to prevail. 
If that means more blood will be shed, so be it. 
We've spilled so much to get here. 
I can't let it be in vain. 
But I won't force you, Kallen. 
If you wish to turn back, now is the time. 
Kallen: I've made my choice. 
I'll follow you to the very end. 
Lelouch: I'm grateful, Kallen. 
Lelouch: Yes, you saved me today. 
Thank you. 
C.C. I need you. 
I do. 
C.C. : What am I doing? 
I just can't afford to make the same mistake here all over again. 
Darlton: It’s time. 
Cornelia: Commence the operation! 
Soldier: All underwater units, hit the water! 
Dive! 
Dive! 
Dive! 
Soldier: Special team, you're clear for category C1 weaponry. 
Soldier: Our unit will be covering them from the shore. 
Careful though, we want that tanker in one piece. 
Suzaku: Understood, my Lord. 
Soldier: Once torpedo attack is confirmed, all units go to weapons free. 
Repeat, weapons free. 
Shirley: Oh my God. 
Terrorists? 
Ohgi: It looks like it’s started. 
Zero, you wanna move out or what? 
Hey? 
Do you read me? 
They’re closing in on the JLF. 
Come in. 
「おい、聞こえてるんだろ？　日本解放戦線を・・・」

Lelouch: We have to hold. 
Cornelia moves faster than expected. 
If we go now, we'll die along with them. 
Britannia: Commence support fire. 
All units restricted to micro round ordinance only. 
Be careful not to set off that liquid Sakuradite! 
JLF: Damn those Britannians! 
When the hell did they get here? 
Enemy units! 
They’re coming from the water... Ah! 
JLF: Itagaki... Ah! 
Britannia: 2-0-2, 5-0-3, focus fire at 9 o'clock. 
Suzaku: This isn’t battle. 
This is wholesale slaughter. 
Cecile: Officer Kururugi. 
Suzaku: Go ahead. 
Cecile: I certainly know this must be hard for you. 
But you are a soldier, remember that. 
Suzaku: Right, I understand. 
Katase: How could they've found us? 
Where is Tohdoh? 
JLF: We can’t locate him, or the Holy Swords. 
Katase: What about Kyoto!? 
They said they would send help. 
JLF: Yes sir! 
But we have no way of contacting them now! 
Katase: So they’re just gonna sit back and watch us die here? 
JLF: We surrender! 
Please cease fire! 
This is the Japan Liberation Front! 
I repeat we surrender! 
Suzaku: Sir, they’re issuing a surrender over an open channel. 
Britannia: Ignore it. 
Suzaku: Yes. 
But sir...

Britannia: You see? 
They’re just buying time. 
Now, carry out your orders! 
Shirley: Lulu just couldn’t be a member of the Black Knights, could he? 
Ohgi: Dammit! 
It’ll be too late soon! 
When does Zero plan to move? 
Diethald: I just hope that he isn’t doing all these to honor some childish notion of justice. 
Ohgi: The knightmare are boarding the ship! 
Lelouch: I see... That leaves only one way out. 
They have to be careful around their precious Sakuradite. 
Ohgi: Zero! 
If we don’t hurry...

Lelouch: Very well then, go ahead. 
Katase: What the hell is going on....? 
Cornelia: I can’t believe this idiocy! 
They blew up the liquid Sakuradite? 
Lelouch: Just what you'd expect of the JLF, choosing to take the Britannians out with them. 
Ohgi: Suicide? 
But they never mentioned. 
Lelouch: We're going to rush Cornelia's position head-on! 
Forget about everything else. 
All that matters is achieving our goal. 
If you want to avenge the JLF, then capture Cornelia. 
And show them our strength and determination. 
Kallen: Right. 
Ohgi: This is like Narita all over again. 
Diethald: It’s outstanding! 
Ohgi: Hey, get back here! 
Diethald: The JLF was just a bait. 
Their command is wide open now. 
One of the oldest tricks in the book. 
Ohgi: Where are you going? 
Hey! 
Diethald: It makes perfect sense! 
He want to cripple his enemy’s defenses using the Liberation Front as a living trap! 
He’s excellent materia, this Zero! 
He’s chaos incarnate! 
More, show me more of your genius! 
Let your ego engulf the world! 
Hahahaha! 
HAHAHAHA! 
「こうでなければ！
解放戦線を囮に、手薄になった本隊に攻め入る？ふん、定石だがそれではいまひとつ弱い。
そうだ！どうせなら敵の戦力を削ぎ落とす！役立たずの解放戦線を生きたトラップとして！
やはりゼロは素晴らしき存在！カオスの権化だ！
もっと、もっと、見せてくれ、私に！あなたの主観に満ちた世界を！
フフハハハハハ！」


Britannia: Enemy attack!? 
Britannia: 2-0-4 signal lost! 
Erickson, form up with 3-0-8! 
Provide support! 
All unit, Status report! 
I repeat, What is your status!? 
Suzaku: Why would General kill himself? 
It doesn’t make any sense. 
Ah.. the main force! 
Could they use the tanker as a decoy? 
Darlton: Mount up now! 
And form a defensive of line, on the double! 
Cornelia: How did they know we were here!? 
Guilford: Your highness! 
Lelouch: Knock their Knightmares into the sea before the pilots can mount! 
Guren Mk-II, you’re with me! 
Kallen: Yes sir! 
Guilford: Your highness, we can handle this. 
Cornelia: Quiet! 
How many times you think I'll allow them to mock me!? 
... 
I haven’t even powered on! 
...
Do you think you can best me in Knightmare combat!? 
...
That new model again? 
Lelouch: I'll smash your hatch and drag you out, Cornelia! 
... 
Shirley!? 
Suzaku: Zero, your methods are not going to change anything. 
You focused on goals, and don't understand the pain of others. 
Kallen: Zero! 
Cornelia: This is payback for Narita. 
Lelouch: Well, if it is that knight in shinning armor? 
Suzaku: These are people’s lives you’re playing with. 
You're nothing but a murderer! 
Lelouch: Why! 
Why do you keep getting in my way? 
Suzaku: Why do you keep spilling people's blood without meaning? 
Lelouch: If it wasn't for you! 
Suzaku: Because of you! 
Suzaku: Zero, this is the end result. 
Cornelia: Lancelot, behind you! 
Kallen: Get the hell away from him! 
Shirley: Is this Zero’s? 
So then with this... 
I will pay you for my father! 
Next Episode:
The best laid plans often fall apart. 
Doubts can arise in anytime. 
My heart goes heavier, little by little. 
Is this the foundation for the future? 
Or merely stumbling blocks from the past? 
The answers that I seek, lie within me. 
The actions one takes are answered by consequences waiting at their conclusion. 
There are no exceptions. 
And even Lelouch's power cannot change this. 
Despite his absolute ability to make anyone obey him, there is no escaping the inevitable. 
Lelouch has acted to avenge his mother's death, and to create a world where his younger sister Nunnally can find happiness. 
Now he is confronted by the results of his acts, consequences he never imagined, and there are more to come. 
If these unintended consequences help to create new worlds, who will bear the blame for the sins that are committed...
who will take the punishment, and who will measure it out? 
Command to 4-0-1! 
Moving to contain the enemy! 
All Knightmare units, Alpha-Niner! 
Confirm status! 
Unit 9-0-3! 
Alpha-Niner, confirmed! 
Enemy sighted bearing 7 o'clock! 
Intercept now! 
Underwater

Suzaku: No, wait! 
Darlton: Do not pursue! 
Protecting the viceroy has top priority! 
Ohgi: Zero, come in! 
Zero! 
C.C. : Ohgi? 
Is that you? 
It's C.C. Ohgi: Yes. 
How's Zero doing? 
C.C. :
He's OK, but he can't move now. 
Order a retreat. 
If we drag this out, we'll be slaughtered. 
Ohgi: Uh, yes, I understand. 
Got it. 
Diethald: Hmm? 
C.C. : Is that what you wanted? 
Lelouch: Uh... 
Yes. 
C.C. : This is pathetic. 
You're so shook up you can't even issue orders, and Cornelia will...

Lelouch:
Listen to me. 
My handgun is missing. 
Whoever has it now must have taken it from me when I was unconscious. 
C.C. :
If that's true... it means they saw your face. 
Lelouch:
There were at least two of them. 
One who fired and one who got shot. 
Two... 
Girl student:
Shirley? 
What are you doing up so early? 
Is that a letter? 
Shirley: It's a... Oh, it's nothing. 
Girl student: I bet it's a love letter, huh? 
Something special for Lelouch? 
Shirley: In a way...



Suzaku: You want to meet Princess Euphemia? 
Nina: To thank her. 
I just wanted to thank her. 
Milly:
She risked her life to protect Nina during the hotel jacking. 
She stood right up and said "I'm Euphemia!" 
Right? 
Rivalz: Really? 
I want to meet her, too! 
Milly: Why is that? 
Rivalz: She's a real princess! 
I could marry into royalty! 
Nunnally: I'm sure that you will never meet her with such impure motives. 
Rivalz:
Impure? 
That's a little harsh, isn't it, Nunnally? 
You're on my side, aren't you, Madam Pre...

Milly:
Don't kiss up to me just because Lelouch isn't hanging around. 
Nunnally saw right through you, and so do I.

Nunnally: Anyway, I'd like to meet Princess Euphemia, too, if I could. 
Suzaku: Uh...

Milly: Huh? 
Nunnally: Oh, what's the matter, Suzaku? 
Suzaku: Uh, It's just she's a member of the royal family and...

RRRRRRR

Suzaku: Hello, Ashford Academy student council. 
Huh? 
Lelouch: Suzaku? 
Suzaku: Lelouch? 
Lelouch: Is there anything unusual there? 
Suzaku: Yeah, there is. 
You're not here. 
Lelouch: Oh, right. 
Suzaku:
Shirley didn't show up, either, by the way. 
You know, Lelouch, you've been cutting classes lately. 
You need to take school more seriously. 
Lelouch:
Right, Mr. 
Honor Student. 
Can you give Nunnally a message, tell her I'll be late tonight? 
Suzaku:
Did you say tonight? 
More like every night. 
What's the point in going to the same school if I never see you? 
Aagh! 
Lelouch: Hm? 
What's going on? 
Suzaku: Er, nothing! 
Err, hey, Arthur, ow ow! 
Lelouch: I wonder what's going on over there. 
C.C. : So then it seems like...

Lelouch:
Right. 
It appears he doesn't know about me. 
That eliminates one group, the military. 
C.C. : Aside from them and the Black Knights,
I can't think of anyone else who would have been there. 
Lelouch: Someone from the Japan Liberation Front could have survived. 
C.C. : And they only stole your gun? 
Lelouch: I think I'll have Ohgi check out the black market then. 
C.C. : And the blood? 
Lelouch:
It'll take time to analyze. 
There's something else... 
I thought I saw Shirley there. 
C.C. : Oh, the girl who kissed you? 
Lelouch: Give it a rest, will you? 
C.C. :
Just making sure I got the right girl, lover boy. 
But if she was there, then there's something we need to know and we better find out fast. 
Darlton:
In this last operation and also at Narita, they were specifically targeting you, Your Highness. 
Cornelia: Eliminating the leader is a standard tactic. 
Guilford: They also eliminated Prince Clovis. 
Darlton:
Zero was not merely fighting Britannia. 
He has a deep hatred for the royal family, and he wants blood. 
Euphemia: Hatred? 
Lelouch:
Euphemia, you were willing to sacrifice yourself for the commoners. 
You haven't changed. 
Cornelia: Careful, Euphy. 
Euphemia: Huh? 
Cornelia: I don't want another crisis like that at the hotel. 
Guilford: Why not assign a knight to her? 
Euphemia: A knight? 
Guilford:
Yes, if we assign one knight as a permanent sentinel, then we can build a complete royal guard unit around him. 
As sub viceroy, Princess Euphemia has the right to a personal champion. 
Cecile:
This thing about saving people's lives... at first I thought he was just, you know, sensitive, but now, I mean it's more like an obsession, isn't it? 
Lloyd:
His performance data is still solid, right? 
Is this a good time to put that new thing to a test with him? 
Cecile:
But we're still fine-tuning. 
What I'm saying is treating Suzaku like he's just another part of the machine could have serious consequences. 
We'd better deal with the human issue here first. 
Lloyd: Pardon me, but really aren't you taking care of him in place of someone else? 
Cecile: I'm not sure about that, but...

Lloyd: Hmmm? 
Cecile: You're quick to catch on the something silly, aren't you? 
Lloyd: I'm the boss, so you're stuck with me. 
Girl Student1: Hey, what are you doing out here by yourself? 
Girl Student2: I'm waiting. 
I need to wait till it finish disinfecting my room. 
C.C. :
Why should I have to go rifling through some girl's underwear. 
This is going to cost you. 
Lelouch: It always does. 
C.C. :
Hmph, you could do this solo. 
And she'd be thrilled to know the man she loves was searching through...

Lelouch: That's my business. 
C.C. :
Once again, making a big deal out of nothing. 
Well there's no sign of that gun in here. 
And her diary only goes up to the 14th. 
Lelouch: 14th? 
C.C. : Yeah. 
Lelouch: That's the day that her father had died. 
Uh... What? 
C.C. : There are a bunch of photos of you. 
Lelouch: Of me? 
C.C. : How could our suspect be so sweet? 
Lelouch: Just can the sarcasm, would you? 
Narita? 
Shirley: Lulu, how could you do this? 
Mao: Yes. 
How could he? 
A very fine memorial, isn't that right, Ms. Shirley Fenette? 
Shirley: Who...? 
Tamaki: Man, it was so close! 
We had her right there! 
Kallen: Next time, I'll beat that white Knightmare. 
Tamaki: Ah, don't sweat it. 
Black Knights: Yeah, Tamaki got thrashed in the first minute. 
Ohgi: The J.L.F. 
warship...

Kallen: Hm? 
Ohgi: Why did it blow up? 
Tamaki: It self-destructed. 
Ohgi: We did contact them and say we would help, right? 
Tamaki:
Yo, that's why Zero took action. 
I know. 
They wanted to see his face! 
Kallen: You're not doubting Zero again, are you? 
Ohgi: Well, it's just that...

Diethald:
Yes, it's just that the timing was too convenient, right? 
So what are you going to do, if you find out Zero was behind it? 
Kallen: What are you trying to say?! 
Tamaki:
Yeah, Diethard! 
I heard you got wussy and ran away! 
A gutless Brit's got a lot of cojones talking trash to his superiors like that! 
Diethald:
I was making an assessment, that's my new job here. 
Ohgi, you agreed to it, too, didn't you? 
Kallen: Oh, huh? 
Ohgi: Ah, that's right. 
And Zero did approve it. 
C.C. : So, do you love her, this girl called Shirley? 
Lelouch: Don't know. 
C.C. : Do you hate her? 
Lelouch: Don't know. 
C.C. : Then why are we going to Narita? 
Lelouch:
You know the reason why. 
'Cos she may have discovered who I am. 
C.C. :
What if she really does know? 
Are you going to kill her? 
If you have someone you don't want to lose, you should keep them at a distance. 
Lelouch: So is that... from experience? 
C.C. : No. 
It's a way of life. 
Mao: He's a cruel man, isn't he? 
Lelouch. 
Shirley: H-How do you know about Lulu? 
Mao: Oh, he deceived you. 
Never told you he's Zero. 
Shirley: Who are you? 
What do you want!? 
Mao:
The same mouth that ordered your father's death stole a kiss from your tender lips. 
He's a very bad man, and you like it. 
Punishment must be measured out. 
To him. 
And to you. 
Shirley: To me?! 
Mao: I know everything. 
All that happened that night...



Villetta:
Is that Zero?! 
Well, well, what a shocker. 
The student is Zero himself! 
A Britannian? 
When I bring him to Viceroy Cornelia, she'll make me a noble! 
Not just a Knight of Honor, real nobility! 
And he's still alive, too! 
What kind of grand execution will they have in store for him? 
Of course you'll be rewarded too...
Stupid of me... 
He's your boyfriend, isn't he?! 
Shirley: Lulu! 
Mao: So you're a killer, too. 
Just like Zero. 
Shirley: No! 
That's not true! 
I just...

Mao: And you actually used your father's death for your own gain! 
Shirley: No! 
I just... 
I just!!! 
Mao: Cunning little woman! 
You knew he'd feel sorry for you, didn't you? 
So you played it for all it was worth. 
Shirley: No, you're wrong! 
Mao: Did his sympathy make you all tingly? 
Shirley: Stop it! 
Mao: Play the tragic heroine again? 
Shirley: No, I'm not doing that! 
Mao: A girl who kills and then goes fishing for attention? 
Only evil witches do that. 
Shirley: I didn't... 
I never meant...

Mao:
You knew there was another girl who liked Lelouch,
and you wanted to get him away from her. 
Now you have to pay the price, Shirley. 
Do you want to carry these feelings around for the rest of your life? 
All by yourself? 
Unless you atone and completely free your heart,
you and Lelouch will both be lost in your sins... forever. 
Lelouch: I thought she'd be here. 
C.C. : We'll have to split up and look for her. 
Lelouch: Do you even know what Shirley looks like? 
C.C. : What's with you now? 
Lelouch: The chance is so slim. 
I doubt she's even here. 
C.C. : What if she really does know? 
Are you going to kill her? 
Lelouch:
No, wait. 
There was someone else here. 
Where'd they go? 
And what were they doing with Shirley? 
Calm down. 
Work from the beginning. 
Pi–Pi-Pi-Pi-Pi-Pi

It's Shirley?! 
I'm here. 
Where are you calling from? 
Mao: Haha, where indeed? 
Lelouch:
Who are you?! 
You scum! 
What have you done with Shirley? 
Mao:
Ooh, I like it, the scary face. 
The face of a man whose woman was stolen away. 
Lelouch: What the hell did you do with her?! 
Mao:
You want to know? 
Then you'll have to accept my challenge. 
You specialize in this, don't you? 
C.C. :
Are you familiar with Balinese art? 
I don't have a photo, but I can paint it in Batuan style. 
Man:
What, I'm supposed to wait around here while you do that? 
I don't think so. 
Why don't you go ask the police or the soldiers? 
C.C. : I'd like to avoid that kind of dull crisis. 
Man: Then why don't you climb up on something tall and look around? 
C.C. :　Very well. 
Never mind. 
Hmm? 
What's Lelouch up to? 
It can't be.... Mao! 
Lelouch:
Is he the one? 
Or other eyewitness? 
I'm sure this chess game is just a ploy. 
His real goal is to lure me to an isolated place. 
Mao: You know I've never actually played this game before, don't you? 
Lelouch:
Calling on my mobile... was he just being theatrical? 
No, he didn't know what I look like. 
That means he didn't see me that night. 
And he didn't have time to find a photo of me. 
He hasn't planned this out, he's winging it. 
Which means...

Mao:
There's an opening you can use? 
Shouldn't you be thinking about the game a bit more? 
You could lose. 
Lelouch:
You liar, you have played this game before! 
C.C. :
Lelouch, even you...
No, because it's you, you can never beat Mao. 
Lelouch: Impossible... 
He's got me trapped?! 
Mao: So, can we just call it my game, hmm? 
Lelouch:
How could he predict every move I made? 
Who is this guy?! 
Mao:
Didn't C.C. tell you about me? 
Well done! 
In one lightning moment, you came up with 14 possible identities for me. 
And one of them is precisely correct. 
Lelouch: He has Geass, too! 
Mao:
Let's see now. 
For your Geass, you have to look directly into someone's eyes. 
Oh, I know all the rules for your little gift. 
Lelouch: You can read minds! 
Mao: You could call my Geass mind-reading. 
Lelouch:
What the hell did you do to Shirley?! 
Tell me! 
What did you do, kill her?! 
Mao: Of course not! 
Lelouch: It's Shirley! 
Mao: So now then, let the vital punishment games begin. 
Ohgi:
Zero... You weren't yourself yesterday. 
Why do I have this feeling? 
Are you all right? 
Talk to me, hey, come on. 
You're alive. 
Villetta: So, it's you, Zero...! 
Lelouch: Shirley, that gun is...

Shirley: Yes, it's Zero's, your gun, Lulu...

Mao:
Why don't you use your Geass? 
I'm pretty sure you haven't used it on her, right? 
Of course, if you do, I'll just shoot you myself. 
Lelouch:
Can he read any thoughts, or only those on the surface? 
Are there conditions to his Geass, a time lag, time limit? 
And what's he after? 
If he plans to kill me, then...

Mao:
Keep thinking about it. 
That's your strong point, right? 
Thoughts spinning round and round and round...

Lelouch: Shut up! 
Mao: This is a fitting death, poetic justice for a thief like you. 
Shirley:
Lulu... die. 
We'll atone for our sins...
We have to! 
I'll die with you. 
Lelouch: What? 
Mao:
She's already killed one time. 
She shot the person who saw your face, all to protect your little secret. 
Lelouch: Then, that blood was...

Shirley: It's time to end this together, Lulu. 
Mao: Yes, yes. 
Sinners must be punished. 
Lelouch:
You put her up to all of this! 
I see. 
He reads mind and it's easy for him to confuse and control her! 
Mao: Yes, that's right. 
Lelouch:
No, don't let him trick you! 
Shirley, he's just...

Mao:
Come now, are you actually saying this? 
The guy who lied to her from the start? 
Shirley: No, stop it! 
Lelouch: If murder is a sin, then this absolutely increases the sin! 
Mao: Oh, I like the rhetoric, very pithy. 
Lelouch:
Shirley, did you really kill somebody? 
And if you did kill, was he the one who was controlling you? 
Mao:
Shirley pulled the trigger and she knows it. 
When you hide away your sins, it only gets worse. 
Lelouch: He's trying to confuse you, Shirley! 
Shirley: Why don't you shut up?! 
Mao:
What are you hesitating for? 
He's the one who killed your father. 
Don't you know he's a sinner? 
Kill him now. 
Shirley: But...

Lelouch: Shirley...

Shirley: I just... 
I don't...

Mao:
What the heck's up with this girl? 
Her thoughts are just a jumble now. 
I'll just have to do it--

Shirley: Stop it! 
Just stop it! 
Mao:
Fine. 
Consider it stopped. 
You two just do whatever as you want. 
Shirley: Huh...

Lelouch: Shirley! 
Mao:
What a pain. 
It was so dramatic and juicy. 
Now I'll have to kill them in the old boring way. 
Who did that? 
Why didn't I sense them there? 
It couldn't be! 
C.C.! 
I just knew it! 
We finally meet again. 
It's you! 
It's really you! 
C.C. :
Are you awake, Mao? 
Forgive me, Mao. 
That's the way. 
See, Mao? 
You can do it! 
Thank you, Mao. 
Mao:
You look beautiful, C.C.! 
I love that new look! 
C.C., I'll come to see you as soon as I can! 
I promise! 
I promise! 
C.C. : Mao... 
I never thought you would come out among people. 
Lelouch: It's all right now. 
It's over. 
Shirley: Lulu, I really did kill someone...
That's why I'm...

Lelouch: It's because of me. 
It's not your fault. 
Shirley: And I shot you with your gun...

Lelouch: I'm still alive. 
Shirley: But! 
I did it! 
Lelouch: Shirley, any sin you committed is mine to bear. 
Shirley: I wanted you to be kind to me. 
Lelouch: What's wrong with that? 
Shirley: Even though my father died....

Lelouch: Don't worry. 
It's time to forget all the bad things that have happened to you. 
Shirley: But I can't! 
Lelouch: Yes, you can! 
I'll help you forget all of this. 
Shirley: Impossible. 
Lelouch:
Shirley, I'm sorry about your father. 
If I could be reborn into a new life, I would...

Shirley: Lulu... No, don't! 
Shirley: Oh, hello. 
Um, did you lose someone in your family, too? 
Lelouch:
No, not someone from my family. 
It was a friend, someone, well, very important. 
Shirley: I understand. 
Lelouch:
But I didn't know. 
I didn't know until after I lost her. 
Then I realized how much she meant to me...
How her smile saved me. 
And how I'll never be able to argue or laugh with her like that again. 
Shirley: I see. 
You loved her, didn't you? 
You must feel terrible. 
Lelouch: Right now... 
I don't know anymore. 
Shirley: Well, the morning always comes again. 
Lelouch: What? 
Shirley:
I have to say it's funny. 
I know that I came out here for some reason, but I can't remember exactly what it was now. 
Maybe it's because I already put the whole thing behind me, something I wanted to let go of. 
Maybe it was something I thought I couldn't forget. 
Maybe I was full of sadness. 
But morning still comes, right? 
That's why you shouldn't try to hold back your thoughts like that. 
Lelouch:
Yes, you're right. 
I feel the same way now. 
Thanks a lot for everything. 
Shirley: Huh? 
Next Episode:
Maybe I was too soft. 
Maybe I would've been better to just kill Shirley. 
But... Geass, the power of the king will condemn you to a life of solitude. 
So I need to harden my heart even more. 
Then it's me and Mao... payback. 
In this world, evil can arise from the best intentions. 
And there is good which can come from evil intentions. 
How then should Lelouch's actions be taken? 
Every man has his day of judgment, does he not? 
Geass: he who uses this inhuman power will find his hearts isolated, whether he wants it that way or not. 
Thus he plummets into the abyss that lies between good and evil. 
But if a man can climb out of that abyss into the light, then that man has the soul of a king. 
Lelouch:
All right. 
First I just wanna confirm this. 
Are you my enemy or my ally? 
C.C. : Where's this coming from? 
Lelouch:
Mao's geass lets him give right in the someone's head and hear what he was thinking and planning. 
I've got that right, don't I? 
C.C. :
Yes, the way Geass manifests is different for each person. 
If Mao concentrates, he can hear thoughts up to 500 meters away
and he can read clear down to your subconscious if he wants to. 
For someone like you, who fights for his head, he's the worst possible enemy. 
Lelouch:
500 meters... Well it doesn't really come as a surprise to me. 
I knew there must be others who have the power of Geass. 
Did you make a contract with him? 
C.C. : 11 years ago. 
Lelouch:
So he's my predecessor. 
Is there some reason that this forerunner is also my enemy? 
C.C. :
Mao's after me. 
He may be your enemy, but he's not targeting you. 
Lelouch:
Yeah, well, I can see that. 
He could have reveal my true identity and told the police or the military who I am,
but the only one he told was Shirley. 
Are there limits to his powers? 
C.C. :
Mao's geass is very potent. 
He can use it as many times as he wants and he doesn't need direct eye contact like you do. 
Lelouch: Does he have any weaknesses? 
C.C. :
If you press me, I guess it's that he can't turn his power off. 
In a crowd he hears all the minds roiling and writhing around him, whether he wants to or not. 
C.C. :
Don't worry Mao. 
I'm not going to die. 
Mao! 
Mao! 
Are you awake Mao? 
Oh Mao, How silly ...

Mao: C.C. I can't live without you. 
Wait for me. 
I'm coming to you. 
Lelouch: If Mao read my mind, then he already knows my weak points and that's where he’ll strike. 
Nunnally: It's been a long time since we spent time by ourselves huh? 
Lelouch: You know even Sayoko needs a little time off now and again. 
Starting today, I'll be staying home for a while. 
Nunnally: Lately, you've been out of the house so much I was curious. 
Have you found some really fun game to play or something? 
Lelouch: Sort of. 
My current opponent is pretty hard to beat. 
Nunnally: That's funny. 
Only our big brother Schneizel, would ever make you say something like that. 
Man:
Sorry, but I can't sell you one without a permit. 
It's illegal. 
Besides, you're from the Chinese Federation, aren't you? 
Mao:
Ah.. true. 
But you sell them to the Black Knights last Tuesday 2300 hours. 
Your contact was named Wolf, an alias, of course. 
Man: Who are you? 
Mao: You will kindly accommodate me, won't you now? 
Lelouch: And? 
C.C. : I know that you want to protect your sister and all,
but you can't just sit around here and wait for him. 
Lelouch: I've got the Black Knights hunting for him. 
C.C. :
What if he's not in the ghetto like you think? 
What if he's right here in the Tokyo settlement? 
Then you've wasted all that precious time. 
You could just use me as bait. 
I'm Mao's target, so I should be...

Lelouch: Tell me, i-height: 1.5;">f I keep using my Geass, will I become like him? 
Or did he end up the way he is because he didn't fulfill his contract with you? 
C.C. : The more you use your Geass, the more powerful it becomes. 
Those who cannot control the power are ultimately ravaged and consumed by it. 
Lelouch: And even though you know everything about that, you still offered these contracts? 
To me, and Mao? 
C.C. : That's right. 
Lelouch: You're a cruel girl. 
I don't know why anyone would chase after you. 
Mao couldn’t fulfill his contract with you, so you cut him loose. 
What were the terms of the contract? 
You're a monster. 
Why didn't you finish him when you cut him off. 
You should've taken his power back, or taken his life. 
Because you left things half-finished, Shirley was... 
C.C. : We should split up while we're dealing with Mao. 
Starting today, I'll stay in the next hall. 
Lelouch: You can't. 
The student council and the cultural clubs meet there. 
C.C. : I don't care about that. 
You work it out. 
-align: center;">


Suzaku: A medical checkup? 
Cecile: Just regulations. 
It's required for all Knightmare pilots. 
Suzaku: I understand. 
Cecile: Good, tomorrow then, after your school gets out. 
Suzaku: Right, thanks. 
Oh, Miss Cecile, do you know of any way I can get in to see princess Euphemia? 
Cecile: Huh? 
You want to meet her? 
Lloyd: Forget it, You have to be at least a Knight of Honor to get an audience with her. 
Cecile: But an earl could arrange it, if you really want it to. 
Lloyd: Who? 
me? 
Cecile: Yes! 
Suzaku: Huh? 
Lloyd! 
You are an earl? 
You never told me that. 
Lloyd: Ha-ha, Oh, I'm so embarrassed. 
Cecile: The prodigal son of nobles. 
He can't really separate work from play. 
Suzaku: Wow...
-align: center;">


Lelouch: You know, It will just be for a few days. 
If you can keep the club house off limits. 
That would really help out. 
Milly: Well, It's not like I can't do it. 
but... Say, did someone find out you're a prince? 
Lelouch: Hopefully, that secret is still safe. 
Only the Ashford family knows that I'm still here and still alive. 
Milly: The all-knowing Ashfords. 
Lelouch: Is something wrong? 
Milly: Oh Lelouch, they've got another blind date set up for me. 
I may not be able to wriggle out of this one. 
What do you think I should do about it? 
Lelouch: Well, that is...

Shirley: Madam President! 
Milly: Shirley, were you back at morning practice? 
Shirley: Yeah, just started again today. 
It can't stay sad forever. 
Milly: I should take lessons from you on positive thinking. 
Shirley: What are you talking about? 
You are way more...
Huh? 
Are you the boy from...? 
Did you go to school here, too? 
Milly: Are you putting me on!? 
Lelouch: We're in the same classes. 
Shirley: Huh? 
No, I don't think we are! 
Huh... Are we? 
Lelouch: Please, that's enough now. 
Girls: Shirley, we're ready to start. 
Shirley: I'll be right there. 
See you later, prez. 
Milly: What was that about? 
Lelouch: We... had a little fight. 
Milly: So, she is kind strangers? 
Oh, that is so cute. 
Lelouch: Sorry, but could you play along with us till she gets over it, you know? 
Milly: I guess I could. 
Think it'll take long? 
Lelouch: Yes, I'm afraid so. 
C.C. : I'm not looking for a Refrain dealer. 
I said a Chinese guy named Mao. 
Did you here me? 
Man:
Believe me, I have no idea. 
The only Chinese around xxx push xxx is gang labor
Go ask cops or something. 
C.C. : I don’t like cops. 
Man:
Then ask the Black Knights about him. 
They'are all of the underworld. 
They wire into the settlement and the ghettos. 
C.C. : Everyone tells me the same thing. 
Man: ‘Cause it’s obvious. 
-align: center;">


Shirley: Huh? 
That’s strange. 
Where is it? 
Girl: What’s matter, Shirley? 
What are you looking for? 
Shirley: My diary. 
It’s gone. 
I can’t find it anywhere. 
Hah, Did you take it somewhere? 
Girl : Of course not. 
Inoue: Right, I’m sorry, Zero. 
We haven’t found this Mao guy yet. 
Lelouch: I see. 
Inoue: Should we check our contacts in the Kyoto network? 
Lelouch: No, just stay with Kanto block. 
If you come up any leads, let me know. 
Inoue: Yes, we’ll do. 
Lelouch:
All right. 
I’ll get back to you. 
If I get within 500 meters of Mao, he can read my mind. 
That’s what he wants. 
But knowing that, I should be able to guess his next move. 
I could put him in check if I had just one... 
C.C. : Missing piece? 
You and I are thinking exactly the same thing. 
Lelouch: So it seems... 
C.C. : Then we should work together on this, don't you agree? 
Lelouch: I do. 
RRRRRRRRR

Lelouch: Yes? 
Mao: It's me, Lulu. 
C.C. 's there, too, isn't she? 
I wanna talk to her alone. 
Put her on. 
Villetta: Ah...

Ohgi: Are you waking up now? 
Villetta: Yes...

Ohgi: What were you doing in that place, passed out like that? 
What you’re name? 
Villetta: I am... My name is.. What is my name...? 
Ohgi: You don’t remember? 
What about Zero? 
You are talking about him before? 
Villetta: Who’s Zero? 
Ohgi: Ah... What am I doing? 
I practically betray him and why...

Villetta: But I don’t know anything. 
Oh, nothing at all. 
Ohgi: Sorry I was able to undress you with my eye closed. 
But getting clothes back on wasn’t so... 
But I turned up heat, so I thought you’d be all right. 
Villetta: Hmm. 
Thank goodness. 
Ohgi: Ah...? 
Villetta: Anyone could have picked me up out there, but I got someone nice. 
Ohgi: Hah...? 
C.C. :
You should be happy about this, Lelouch. 
We're finally going our separate ways. 
I made up with Mao. 
Lelouch: You're betraying me? 
C.C. :
Are you actually saying that? 
When were you my friend? 
Never. 
We were just co-conspirators, that's all. 
Lelouch: Wait. 
C.C. :
Wow, here's a surprise. 
You sound just like Mao. 
Lelouch:
C.C., you know way too much about me now. 
I can't let you walk away like this. 
Don't go! 
C.C., stay here with me! 
C.C. :
Geass does not work on me. 
Didn't I mention that? 
Don't worry. 
I won't tell anyone about you. 
You can keep your Geass, too. 
And Mao won't bother you anymore. 
He'll never cross your path. 
So all your obstacles are gone. 
Congratulations and farewell. 
Doctor:
The test results came out fine, though you seems to pay extreme attention to discipline and to weighing the value of human life. 
Suzaku: Is that going to cause problems? 
Doctor:
These are the positive traits for a soldier. 
Do you think subconsciously you are comparing yourself to your father? 
That may be the underlying cause of your insecurity. 
It’s quite common in the children of famous people. 
Your father Genbu Kururugi, the former prime minister of Japan. 
He was a great man. 
Chiba: Urabe and others are late. 
Asahina: Well this sure is an ironic meeting place, isn’t it? 
The grave of Prime Minister Kururugi? 
Chiba: The traitor who told us to fight to the end, then commit suicide himself. 
Tohdoh: Enough!
General Katase also committed suicide and he was a true patriot. 
Britannia force:
Fugitive Tohdoh, identified.
All unit, prepared to move in. 
Yes, my load. 
Lelouch:
Yes, I’ve read through your proposal for reorganizing the Black Knights. 
I’ve got a few changes, but overall I like where you're going with this. 
I’ll run it by Ohgi tomorrow. 
Diethald: Thanks. 
I appreciate that. 
Lelouch:
Next draft, I’d like you to insert a chart that forecasts how the cells-base structure will be implemented. 
That’s all. 
Diethald:
So that was the final test. 
I guess I passed. 
Lelouch:
Diethald, though he’s Britannian, he’s proving even more useful than I’d hoped. 
Still he could be a spy. 
I can’t rule that out yet. 
Um.. 
Right, he recorded it then. 
Mao:
C.C., your mind is so quiet. 
It's the only one I can't read. 
You really are the best there is! 
C.C. :As childish as ever, I see. 
Mao: I'm a prince on a white stallion, and a prince has to rescue the princess. 
Does that make you happy, C.C.? 
C.C. : Mao, we talked about this before. 
I told you that you and I...

Mao: Those were all lies. 
Lies. 
C.C., you love me and this is how I know. 
C.C. : Thank you, Mao. 
Mao, Mao. 
Stop it. 
Mao: Be quiet. 
C.C. :
Don't listen to them. 
Just listen to the sound of my voice. 
That's it. 
Since my mind is the only one you can't read, and you can only -height: 1.5;">be happy when you're with me. 
I'll stay with you always. 
Yes, I'm right here. 
So you don't need to worry. 
Mao:
C.C., you're the only one! 
The only one I want forever. 
Lelouch doesn't matter at all. 
If you just come with me... 
C.C. : Stop it! 
I should’ve done this a long long time ago. 
Mao: It's me C.C. C.C. : Mao. 
Mao:
I'll be at Clovis Land. 
Come alone. 
C.C. : You're selfish as ever, I see. 
Mao:
If you don't come, I'll just have to tell the police who Lelouch really is. 
I can have him eliminated anytime I want. 
C.C. :
You should be happy about this, Lelouch. 
We're finally going our separate ways. 
Lelouch:
She comes and goes like the wind. 
I can't read her. 
I can't fathom how such a twisted girl thinks. 
Idiot! 
Mao:
I knew it. 
I knew you couldn't pull the trigger. 
That's 'cause you really love me, C.C! 
C.C. :
You're wrong! 
I was just using you right from the start. 
Mao:
What are you saying? 
You shouldn't tell lies like that. 
You really shouldn't. 
Lies are very very wicked. 
Wicked lies! 
Don't worry... 
I understand...
C.C. 
you must listen to me. 
I've build a big brand-new house in Australia, a very quiet, white, immaculate special house. 
But to get to Australia, you'll need to take in airplane and there isn't very much room. 
The thing is, C.C., you're a little too big to bring on a plane. 
So that's why..., I'm going to make you compact. 
It’ll take little time at all. 
C.C. :
Is this your revenge? 
You're punishing me? 
Mao:
Oh, no, I'm not. 
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not at all. 
I'm showing you my gratitude. 
Lelouch:
So this is the place that you picked. 
A place where there'd be no one else’s thoughts to bother you. 
That narrowed it way down. 
Mao: Lelouch

Lelouch:
Since your Geass has the total maximum range of 500 meters. 
It can't reach me here at Tokyo Tower. 
Mao:
That's true. 
That's very true. 
But what can you do from so far away, hmm? 
After taking all that trouble to hack into the system, what's your grand plan? 
A remote-control attack with some battery-operated toys, or a tongue-lashing to lecture me into submission? 
Ah, cat got your tongue now? 
If you want C.C., then you're gonna have to come ...

Lelouch:
Mao, think! 
You don't believe C.C. is her real name, do you? 
She never even whispers it to anyone. 
Mao: Huh? 
Lelouch:
But I know it, though. 
She told me her true name. 
Mao:
Is that right, C.C.? 
You never told me, ever ever. 
But you told it to him? 
Lelouch:
You know why? 
Because C.C. is mine. 
C.C. belongs to me in every possible way. 
Mao:
No. 
She doesn't. 
She doesn't. 
She doesn't. 
She doesn't. 
She was mine long before she met you. 
Lelouch:
I have gained every single thing from her, including all of the part that you have never seen,
all of them...

Mao:
Lelouch...
Face me! 
Lelouch, Come here. 
Come here. 
I can look into your mind. 
I'll see the truth. 
I'll see what a liar you are. 
Liar. 
Lelouch: Mao, you’ve lost. 
Mao:
What are you talking about? 
I won’t care . 
I’m gonna be with C.C. Is that Lelouch? 
But he’s too far away. 
Sounds... everywhere... all those voices. 
Police: Hold it right there. 
Drop the weapon and surrender! 
Mao: What are they doing here? 
Police: Remain where you are! 
Drop out your weapon and raise your hands. 
Mao: It’s the police. 
Who contacted them? 
C.C. : Lelouch, what are you doing here? 
Mao: It can't be. 
He was just at Tokyo tower. 
He can't be here now. 
Lelouch:
Are you that slow? 
That was all a recording. 
Mao: That's a lie. 
You, you were talking to me, answering me. 
Lelouch:
Your thoughts are simple. 
Since you read minds, you've never resorted to cunning. 
Mao:
You predicted every one of answers? 
Don't play game with me, punk! 
If the cop arrests me, I’ll be back out in a heartbeat! 
Mao: Shut up. 
Just stop talking me! 
Lelouch:
C.C. 
told me you can't turn off your Geass. 
And your reach is erratic. 
If you don't concentrate, your range gets very short. 
Mao:
So do you used the monitor to keep me distracted? 
Even so, I can still defeat you. 
I'll have you ruined. 
Lelouch: The moment you try is the moment you die. 
C.C. :
Lelouch, wait. 
If I talk to him. 
I can get through. 
Mao:
You think I'll die? 
Listen, cops. 
You know who that guy is? 
He's the terrorist you want. 
He....

Police: Fire!! 
C.C: Oh, Mao...

Mao: Zero...

-align: center;">


C.C. 
:
Mao was only six years old when I made my contract with him. 
He was an orphan who'd never known the love of the parent. 
He couldn't read or write and knew nothing of good and evil. 
Police:
This is Echo-3. 
I've released the hostage into the ghetto as ordered. 
What? 
Your orders were to take her into the hospital. 
C.C. :
When I gave the geass power to Mao, it isolated him. 
In his mind, I became his only friend and his lover, though I was still a perfect stranger. 
I'm the only one he even thought of as human. 
I was Mao's entire world. 
Lelouch:
C.C., listen to me. 
I won't let Geass destroy me. 
And I will conquer its power and bend it to my will, and use it to change the world. 
I'll fulfill your desire and my own. 
Then I will complete the contract that he couldn't achieve. 
So please... 
C.C. :
Lelouch, tell me. 
Are you trying to comfort me? 
Pity me? 
Or is this part of your obsession? 
Lelouch:
It's a contract. 
This time, it's from me to you. 
C.C. : Very well then. 
I accept your contract. 
Next Episode:
Now is the time to move forward to smash Cornelia and get the truth, and make a place for Nunnally in this world. 
These tiny battle fields are meaningless now. 
We are taking over the Tokyo settlement. 
We’ll expand our military might and extend our contacts. 
I’ll use every piece in the game. 
In this world, evil can arise from the best of intentions. 
And there is good which can come from evil intentions. 
How then should Lelouch's actions be taken? 
Every man has his day of judgment, does he not? 
Geass: he who uses this inhuman power will find his hearts isolated, whether he wants it that way or not. 
Thus he plummets into the abyss that lies between good and evil. 
But if a man can climb out of that abyss into the light, then that man has the soul of a king. 
STAGE 16: NUNNALLY HELD HOSTAGE



Yes, that's right. 
The training for the post-refit -61d2-805e-342c-a9646d54ba19 gm-spell">Guren Mk-II is proceeding on schedule. 
Kyoto and the Military District of India have finally come to terms, so we're just waiting for Rakshata and her team to arrive. 
And the organization's changeover to a cell-based structure is now 92% complete. 
The members have also been ranked into 14 tiers. 
As you directed, we've infiltrated all -dac4-a58a-e668-68f07b1cc360 gm-spell">Britannian warehouses. 
Within the Kanto block, combat personnel have been dispersed to 564 separate locations. 
32 of our positions have been uncovered; 11 of those were dummies. 
47 members have been apprehended, but since information is now firewalled above class 8 members, the -ddba-2e86-d704-e6a2444dc13c gm-spell">Britanninans aren't getting anything out of them. 
And now that we have the unreserved support of the Kyoto group, we're seeing almost no more cases of citizens tipping off the authorities. 
On that list of -4a73-dd78-ddc6-4b80ec64bb23 gm-spell">Britannian supporters... 
Yes, it's the group you made arrangements with. 
Oh, and we're still looking for information about Tohdoh and the Four Holy Swords. 
Understood. 
Continue with the work, all right? 
Are you sure you want me to be the messenger? 
If you look humble, they'll look down on you. 
That's how it works with the Chinese Federation. 
I don't know about that, but unlike you, I do have some humility. 
Good, now you can put it to use. 
How's your passport? 
Not a bad forgery. 
I'm all set. 
Where are we going? 
Are we getting moved to another place again? 
It's one of the Kururugi's homes. 
This time, it's the main house, okay? 
Keep on walking, Suzaku. 
But...

Keep walking. 
Where are we? 
It smells really bad here...

We're going by a garbage dump. 
Right, Suzaku? 
What's wrong, Suzaku? 
I... 
I...
Nunnally...

My mother taught me that a warm touch is good for tears. 
Do you think it's true? 
I will... overcome this. 
Hey! 
Lelouch! 
Hm? 
What's up? 
-9f92-69ab-6859-881f903b8072 gm-spell">Y'know, we're gonna hold you back, if you don't start coming to class. 
I could say the same about you, right? 
I have work to do. 
It's just that the Black Knights have really been on the move lately. 
Hey, I thought you were in the engineering. 
Uh... we're shorthanded, so they move me around. 
Hmm... 
Still, how about dropping by for dinner more often? 
Nunnally misses you. 
Are you free this evening? 
Yeah, I could come tonight. 
But are you sure it's okay? 
I don't want to cause any--

Hey, Lelouch! 
What's wrong? 
I hear that the president's out doing a blind date thing again! 
Yeah. 
Today. 
Today?! 
Why didn't you tell me about it?! 
Because it'd make you cry. 
Boys don't cry! 
It's okay. 
I didn't know about it either. 
Don't give me your -5519-f9ed-71d6-6c2e3588c1bd gm-spell">emo routine! 
Emo? 
I guess compassion is not in fashion these days. 
So anyways, are we on for dinner tonight with Nunnally? 
Sure. 
What about school?! 
Don't worry, I'll be right back! 
I'm just gonna go tell her about it! 
My life is over and he's worried about dinner? 
My classes don't start till second period, -424b-3a30-8afe-f53c654ba852 gm-spell">Sayoko. 
Huh? 
Are you surprised? 
Uh...

Matchmaking dates are usually in hotels or restaurants. 
I--I suppose that's true, but I'd heard you were very unique person, Lord Asplund. 
Unique! 
What a delightfully artful way to put it! 
I'm surprised you're interested in a girl from the downgraded Ashford family after it lost its rank. 
Oh ho, but I couldn't care less about a loss of rank. 
Excuse me. 
I'm sorry to trouble you. 
Not at all. 
Take your time. 
No need for that. 
Why draw it out? 
Let's get married. 
Huh?! 
That's it?! 
Getting cold feet? 
Nunnally! 
Suzaku's gonna--
Yes? 
Lelouch! 
Nunnally?! 
Where are you right now?! 
I don't know, but I can't move. 
Nunnally! 
It's me, Lulu. 
It can't be! 
You dropped your guard, Lelouch. 
Just 'cause you thought I was dead? 
Mao, listen. 
C.C. isn't here right now. 
That's why I came. 
Someone immune to my Geass would be troublesome now. 
I'll save my encounter with her for a later date. 
First I'm going to pay you back for that little session the other day. 
You're somewhere within 500 meters of me. 
Of course. 
Want to try and find me? 
Your time limit is five hours. 
Oh, by the way, since the game is just between you and me, no using the cops as pawns this time. 
I don't really -ff67-5d03-652a-1552cfede144 gm-spell">wanna get shot up again
Although -f5be-ebac-c8d6-ff8608d821a0 gm-spell">Britannian medical science is amazing. 
You can thank them for my return! 
You know, Lulu, when you used your Geass on those cops, you -e5bf-6048-a05b-d0cb622636d8 gm-spell">should've told them to kill me, not just shoot me! 
You left off the finishing touch, and now your sister's in a bind! 
What a quandary! 
What a quagmire! 
What a crunch! 
Nunnally has nothing to do with this! 
It's not a very nice way to play a game, you know...

-8adb-1d13-fb27-004c9f4d9827 gm-spell">Hmmm? 
If you do something to make my brother sad, I'll never forgive you! 
What a pair you are! 
I love this brother-sister thing. 
Hi, everyone! 
It's lunch time. 
Are you all eating--

A fight? 
Shirley and Lelouch? 
Right! 
She's pretending she doesn't know him, and the president said we're supposed to play along. 
Ohh, right! 
What's up with her blind date?! 
Never mind that. 
If Shirley and Lelouch are fighting--

Leave them alone. 
It's just a little lovers' spat, that's all. 
Uh... but you--

Don't even think that way. 
I've got nothing to do with him. 
So, he hasn't taken the plunge yet, huh? 
The plunge? 
Well, Lelouch is good with theories, but he's not so good with the real thing. 
Real thing? 
I mean he doesn't have experience. 
Experience?! 
Ah! 
Huh? 
What's the matter? 
Don't you like your food? 
Arthur, why do you always do this?! 
Hey, Lelouch! 
What happened with you and Shirley, huh? 
Huh? 
What? 
Just give her some flowers! 
And what about classes? 
You'd better go to-- Uh... 
Excuse me. 
Oh, and I'll talk to you later about dinner. 
You think he's going gambling again, huh, Arthur? 
Uh? 
Lulu, if you do a handstand for searching for me, I'll extend your time limit an hour. 
He anticipated this. 
He wants to see me squirm. 
But what do I do? 
He must be within 500 meters if he's reading my mind, but...

Lelouch. 
That's... 
I thought so. 
-c4c2-81fd-2f38-aef466fd52ab gm-spell">Something's happened to Nunnally. 
Welcome back. 
Uh, uh... R--right. 
Good timing. 
The meal's almost ready. 
Meal? 
You mean... did you go out shopping somewhere? 
No, I just used what you had around. 
Some people here are afraid of -b8e9-8843-15d2-7e3c3e63b19e gm-spell">Britannians, so...

Have you been able to remember anything yet? 
Sorry, nothing at all yet...

That's okay. 
Don't push it. 
You're still healing. 
It's all right if it takes time to remember. 
Okay, it's ready. 
I sure hope you like it! 
Uh...


Who kidnapped Nunnally? 
It can't be a -d967-c500-0465-af660dcf614c gm-spell">Britannian or someone from the royal family. 
No, this has nothing to do with our blood line. 
Just a psychopath who wants to keep a girl all to himself. 
So is he threatening you? 
Yes. 
An investigation could reveal who we are. 
That's why I can't go to the army or the police. 
Then there's no choice. 
We'll have to do it on our own. 
This isn't about your gambling though, is it? 
It has nothing to do with that. 
Okay. 
Do you have any leads? 
Just this photo. 
And I know that he's somewhere very close by, watching me. 
And now that I think of it, I heard the sound of running water too! 
Water... 
The circulation system! 
The lower levels? 
Something's still off though. 
What? 
Normally, you'd home in right on that. 
What is it? 
He changed the codes. 
We'll have to hack into the system. 
But... that's against school rules. 
I'll change it back later. 
Then let me do it. 
Too late. 
I got it. 
That was fast. 
You're a little too good at that. 
The student council has partial access to these areas. 
Lelouch, I see. 
This is how you've been getting off campus, isn't it? 
Your little escape route. 
Huh? 
Uh yeah, sometimes. 
How's it look? 
You were right. 
The door's guarded. 
There's a machine gun linked to the security camera. 
The lag on these systems is tight: 0.05 seconds. 
That means we can't access it this way. 
We'll head back up and disable the--
W--wait! 
Of all the reckless moves. 
Come on, let's go. 
Nunnally's waiting for us. 
Nunnally! 
L--Lelouch and Suzaku, is that you? 
I'm so sorry! 
I'll cut you loose! 
Wait! 
Wait! 
Up there! 
-8df1-519e-2a63-b14ccde48406 gm-spell">A bomb...

That's right, Lulu. 
I'll play along since Kururugi came on his own. 
Can't wait to see how you two deal with this! 
Nunnally, we're going to defuse the bomb. 
It's okay. 
Don't worry. 
Lelouch and I can do anything together. 
You know that. 
That's right. 
It's motion sensitive. 
A solenoid inside supplies energy that keeps it constantly moving. 
If an external force interferes with the motion, then the bomb--

--explodes. 
Moving Nunnally even an inch will trigger it. 
That's the way it's set up. 
Can you calculate its range? 
It'd wipe out everything within five or six hundred meters, minimum. 
Now what? 
We're beyond the reach of his Geass...
Is he trying to mislead me? 
-c0c8-e3af-2389-8f0d2c64d925 gm-spell">You think you know how to disarm it? 
Theoretically. 
The power line to the detonator would need to be severed. 
Since he's not a pro at this, I'm sure I could figure out which lines are dummies. 
Still, we need to find another way to do it. 
Why? 
If we choose the right one...

Because you'd have to cut the line without disrupting the motion; which is impossible. 
I'll do it. 
There's no choice. 
No, Suzaku! 
We don't have enough information to pull it off! 
There's a time limit here; we can't afford to play it safe. 
As for information, it's staring you right in the face. 
I'm a soldier, Lelouch. 
Can't you use that information? 
We still have toilet tissue? 
Hm? 
Huh? 
Stuck up little brats! 
No wonder I hate schools so much! 
Huh? 
What now? 
What's he got planned for me next? 
That camera trained on Nunnally is transmitting to Mao. 
Is he here? 
I can't believe he'd still be here at the school. 
What a whack-job. 
I told Suzaku to stay with Nunnally, but that leaves me with only one option. 
Well, if it isn't Casanova! 
No weapons, no strategy. 
You didn't defuse the bomb, didn't deploy the Black Knights or your friend. 
What's wrong, Lulu? 
I'm not explaining anything to you. 
The final game -- is it ready? 
Hmm, let's put an end to this... with your specialty. 
Hm? 
It's been a while since we could spend time like this. 
There've been so many unexpected events since we came here. 
All of that desk work... it's making you fat. 
Hey, cut it out! 
That's not funny! 
Cornelia, don't you think this garden looks familiar? 
It's like Lady Marianne's. 
Now that you mention it. 
I heard Clovis ordered them to build it like this. 
I'm surprised he liked her villa that much since he was always fighting with her son, Lelouch, there. 
He must have thought of Lelouch as his rival. 
Even though Lelouch was younger? 
Well, he kept paintings of Lelouch and the others. 
We've found them after he was killed. 
I see...
We need to stabilize this area and capture Zero fast... to avenge Clovis, as well as Lelouch and Nunnally. 
This land has taken the lives of three of our siblings. 
It's soaked in our family's blood. 
You see, the scale is the bomb's detonator and its cancellation switch. 
The chess pieces we capture will go here. 
If the needle swings all the way towards me, the bomb goes off. 
If it stings towards you, the bomb will be disarmed. 
In short, if you win the game, your sister's life will be saved. 
Your mind is twisted. 
No wonder C.C. left you. 
Provoking me won't work. 
I can read your thought, so I know what you're trying to do. 
I'm afraid you're not the type of person who can keep your mind empty. 
There's the part of you that's a critic, constantly watching your own moves... and there's another part that's an observer watching the critic -- watching you. 
You're that kind of person. 
But I know all your thoughts, so I'm always a step ahead. 
You can't win. 
Bravo! 
Your plan is to think of seven things at once to confuse me and trip me up! 
But you see, if I focus my Geass directly on you, it's easy to tell which one is your true thought. 
Ah, your last plan is failing as well. 
You underestimated me, that's why your sister is...
"What do I do? 
I'm out of strategies. 
I can't call for backup as long as Nunnally is being held hostage." 
Sorry, sorry, I dropped it. 
Your turn. 
Better hurry. 
Looky, -8613-fc12-d76f-f523626c86b0 gm-spell">looky, time is running out. 
Your little sister's not going to make it. 
Ah, is that the right move? 
Are you sure you -62a8-8a8d-730a-8f690824162f gm-spell">wanna do that? 
Isn't this enough...? 
Huh? 
Please stop it, Mao... 
I can't hear you very well. 
You've gotten everything you wanted! 
Let Nunnally go! 
Huh? 
I admit it... you have beaten me. 
Very well said! 
You're finally speaking the thoughts from the deepest part of your soul, huh? 
That feels great! 
Fantastic! 
But no. 
This is... checkmate. 
NO!!! 
Nunnally...

Hmm, let me see if she's burst into little pieces. 
Hum? 
Ah?! 
What the? 
What?! 
Why is she--?! 
How did you?! 
You kept me focused on you! 
I am Warrant Officer Suzaku Kururugi of the -27f0-48fc-a267-cb9eece7f893 gm-spell">Britannian military, and you are under arrest. 
Suzaku...

You disarmed the bomb?! 
Impossible! 
You'd have to match your speed to the pendulum! 
That's right. 
After Lelouch showed me which line to cut. 
-e02e-c254-dc54-6d9e2abaac42 gm-spell">I showed you? 
What are you saying? 
It was your plan: cut the line then bust in here when I heard your scream. 
My plan? 
So that's it... right. 
Mao, it seems like it's my checkmate. 
Lelouch, don't tell me that you--

Yes. 
I gave Suzaku his instructions then used Geass on myself to forget so you couldn't find out. 
You believe that if you know a person's thoughts you know everything. 
That's why you narrowed your range and focused your all power on my mind. 
That was your mistake. 
That's ridiculous! 
You bet everything on one friend?! 
What if he'd failed you?! 
Good point. 
To execute this plan, I had to trust Suzaku completely. 
-42fb-0498-990f-ede11f4cfc76 gm-spell">Sayoko, everything's fine now. 
Right, go ahead. 
-8da5-8460-f4e9-aadb52d43d47 gm-spell">Sayoko? 
I'll have you free in a second. 
-2305-9ce1-b47c-d2f4c138f4fc gm-spell">Hmph. 
You think you beat me, huh?! 
Stop it! 
Get your hands off of me, father killer! 
You killed your own father seven years ago. 
Humph. 
He called for do-or-die resistance, and you thought stopping him would end the war. 
What a childish idea. 
The fact is, you're a murderer! 
That's not true! 
I just...! 
I--

How lucky for you that no one ever found out. 
All the adults lied to protect you. 
But all the reports said his suicide was a protest against the military action. 
A big, fat lie. 
All of it. 
A lie... 
I didn't have any choice! 
If I didn't, Japan would have--

That's how you justify it in retrospect? 
Well it explains your death wish! 
-732d-d3d6-95ec-80364e5cdaf2 gm-spell">You want to save people's lives? 
It's your own wretched soul you're trying to save. 
That's why you're always charging into danger, placing yourself on the edge of death! 
You're no hero; you're just trying to wash the blood off your hands! 
A little brat begging to be punished! 
MAO! 
NEVER SPEAK AGAIN! 
No! 
Mao! 
I did love you, Mao. 
Mao... 
I want you to go and wait for me. 
In C's world. 
I just... 
I just... 
I'm a fool. 
In the end, I never asked the terms of the contract she made with Mao. 
And Suzaku... 
When we were reunited, why didn't I...? 
No... 
He's been trying to tell me for a long time now. 
I should have confronted him right from the start. 
The young Britannian Lelouch is faced with a choice between two divergent paths:
One leads to the past, in a quest to find his mother's enemies. 
The other way takes him to the future, where he will create a world in which his little sister Nunnally can live happily. 
Only Lelouch can choose which direction he will go. 
Will he follow the path that ends in destruction of the world, or will he travel the road to building a bright new one? 
STAGE 17: KNIGHT



Suzaku... 
I finally understand. 
You...
Suzaku, what Mao said...
Did you do it? 
Did you kill your own father? 
I see. 
It's not just your secret, is it? 
Lelouch, I...

Kirihara -- I think that was the old man's name. 
He claimed that Prime Minister Genbu Kururugi killed himself in order to stop all of those in his cabinet who called for do-or-die resistance. 
The story was a necessary one, for Japan and Britannia. 
Thank you for that. 
Frankly, he's at odds with himself because he used to be different. 
He never placed any importance on another person. 
It was tough enough for me to kill my half-brother. 
If Suzaku killed his father when he was only ten years old, he's been carrying that burden around all these years? 
C'mon, Lelouch, quit moving around, will ya?! 
O--oh, sorry guys. 
No, your sight line was lower. 
Like this? 
No. 
Too far, a little higher! 
Good? 
Now your expression's totally different from when we started! 
This was like this, that went kinda like that, and this was here! 
There! 
That's not how he was! 
I liked the frowny face more! 
C'mon, everyone! 
I prefer him looking clueless! 
Shirley, don't we have math for first period? 
Don't you remember, it's Art Week. 
Prince Clovis had declared that. 
We will open Art Week with the dedication of the Clovis Memorial Museum of Art. 
You, Princess Euphemia, will select the first place winner from among these submitted works. 
Oh, this one's nice! 
I particularly like this painting. 
It's regrettable that our investigation revealed that the artist happens to be one-quarter Eleven. 
Perhaps it shouldn't have been displayed here in the first place then. 
Well, it's a delicate balance with our public. 
Anyway, take a look at that painting right there. 
It was painted by the son of Marquess Nicolai. 
Octopus hot dogs...
Hmm, that girl... 
Excuse me. 
Hmm?! 
No, these aren't what you think! 
We have visitors. 
They also have an introduction from Kyoto. 
You're the... Four Holy Swords. 
I'll get straight to the point here: we've come to you today to ask for your help. 
How do you mean? 
Lt. Col. Tohdoh has been apprehended. 
He sacrificed himself so that we could escape. 
I see. 
We'll help them. 
You sure? 
The Black Knights fight for the cause of justice. 
There's nothing odd about that. 
We'll use assembly method B-13. 
Take the section Knightmares via course 18. 
You can have Diethard handle it. 
Also alert those who are to rendezvous with us. 
Sorry I didn't meet with the Chinese Federation. 
Don't worry about it. 
I've revised all our plans with them. 
Making any chances in your usefulness to me will only hinder the plan. 
Besides, two chess pieces I've been wanting will be mine today. 
And with any luck, a third...


Today, Kyoshiro Tohdoh will be executed. 
I won't be present for that now that the Japan Liberation Front is defunct. 
Right. 
No, wait. 
Let him handle the execution. 
Viceroy! 
Sorry to summon you like this. 
How's everything at the museum? 
The dedication is later on. 
Of greater importance though, the N.A.C. 
reported there was unrest in Ishikawa. 
Probably backed by the E.U. 
or the Chinese Federation. 
And there have also been sightings of Gun-Rus. 
(ガン・ルゥ 鋼髏 Gang Lou)
Still, it's our chance to bring Hokuriku under control. 
I'll leave Darlton here while I'm gone. 
If anything happens, consult him. 
Also, concerning what we spoke of earlier...
You may choose any of them to be your knight. 
They're all excellent soldiers from respected families. 
Yes, the pond does freeze solid in the winter. 
Although Big Brother scolded me once when he caught me skating on it. 
We had a pond too at the Kururugi Shrine. 
It was small, but I used to catch zarigani... 
I--I mean, crawdads, all the time. 
You would catch crawdads? 
How? 
It's simple -- you just tie a string to a frog's back leg. 
Huh? 
Frog? 
As in those things that sit on lily pads and go croak? 
Yeah, but in Japanese they go "kero-kero, kero-kero." 
Huh? 
Kero? 
Yup. 
Kero-kero! 
If things continue at this pace and keep proceeding according to plan, I won't be able to stay with Nunnally any longer. 
That affair with Mao also drove home the fact that I need someone to protect my little sister. 
Whoever that person will be, if Nunnally is the one who gives him a reason to live, then...

L--Lelouch? 
I need to... tell you--

Suzaku! 
Lloyd says it's urgent! 
Who's that? 
She's a soldier. 
Friends of yours? 
Yes. 
I'm sorry, but I need to pull Suzaku away from you for a while. 
Uh, but I'm...

Don't worry. 
I told you it's all right. 
That guy isn't going to come back here. 
Right. 
See you then. 
Please come again, Suzaku. 
I will. 
Suzaku! 
Huh? 
When you return, there's something that I want to discuss. 
It's an important matter. 
Uh-oh. 
I'm nervous. 
I'll talk to you when I get back. 
Well, it seems that Suzaku's really important to them. 
I'm glad. 
Nunnally... you seem fond of Suzaku. 
Am I right? 
I adore him. 
But of course, I love you more than anyone, Lelouch. 
I see. 
Shirley, I'm gonna go on ahead. 
Oh, just wait up, will you? 
Oh, great...
Hm? 
Sub-Viceroy, Is it true that no Eleven companies were used in the construction of this museum? 
W--well, with regard to that question, I--

We're looking into it right now, so we have no answer at this time. 
Idiot! 
Why bother asking Princess Euphemia about politics?! 
Keriman from Interstate. 
Your Highness, there have been rumors lately that you're close to choosing your knight. 
Uh, um, a knight. 
Yes, well, you see, I'm--

Ladies and gentlemen, we ask that you please limit your questions to those concerning the museum only. 
I told you not to bunch up all the hydro lines in one place! 
That's why I said it was different from a Burai! 
Are you sure it's a good idea to throw in with the Black Knights? 
Can you think of any other way to rescue Col. Tohdoh? 
There's also what Kyoto said, that they'd lend us the new models. 
Still, their principles seem to be somewhat off. 
We're not ethnocentric, but after all, you already know that. 
We can worry about the details after we've rescued the colonel. 
I understand. 
But no matter where Tohdoh may be, it's the place I belong. 
Look, just stuff 'em in and close the lid for crying out loud! 
It's almost time to move out! 
Take your time and treat it with the utmost care! 
It was far more fragile than any of you when I gave birth to it! 
Huh?! 
Who the hell are you?! 
I am its mother! 
You arrived on time. 
Are you Zero? 
It's a pleasure. 
I've heard a lot of things about you. 
The pleasure is all mine, Rakshata. 
I've been reading about you on the net for some time now. 
You have? 
The articles relating to medical cybernetics. 
I do hate talking about the past. 
Anyway, here. 
Hm? 
A souvenir from Kyoto. 
Excuse me, is this really going to improve the interfacing system? 
No, of course not. 
Huh?! 
It's going to improve your life expectancy. 
I just heard they changed your executioner. 
It's going to be Warrant Officer Suzaku Kururugi. 
You ought to be glad it's someone you know. 
What? 
You mean my signature again? 
Even though Princess Cornelia ordered this, there are still some formalities to be followed. 
A change of executioner is the most exceptional circumstances. 
What was that?! 
What happened?! 
Good. 
Now we're free of hellish paperwork. 
Colonel, we're coming to save you! 
These Gekkas are awesome! 
Way superior to the Burais! 
Yeah, you got that right! 
Hmm... You think the sub-weaponry's linkage isn't tight enough? 
No, however I suspect it might be the line. 
I'm reading a 0.7 variance to specs. 
Obviously those old codgers in Kyoto need to supply us with better parts. 
Hmm? 
My superiors have just ordered that you be unofficially executed before you're busted out of here. 
Any last words? 
It's a life I gave up once before. 
It's worth nothing. 
In that case, I'll claim your life for myself! 
What the?! 
Zero. 
Kyoshiro Tohdoh, the only Japanese who, seven years ago, brought the mighty Britannian forces to their knees in defeat. 
You mean Itsukushima? 
You want me to perform a miracle for you as well? 
That was no miracle. 
It ended in victory because it was based on excellent intelligence work! 
That's why I want you. 
I pledged my loyalty to Gen. Katase. 
Now that he's dead, I wish to die too. 
Don't be a coward! 
What?! 
You must take responsibility! 
Responsibility for the miracle that you made! 
The Area 11's resistance movement is more intense than that of any other Area because Japan surrendered before exhausting all of its military strength. 
You failed to continue the great hope known as the Miracle of Itsukushima! 
You're saying it's my fault? 
Yes. 
People grasp at illusions because they're desperate for miracles. 
Why else has there been such rampant use of Refrain? 
You must endeavor! 
To the bitter end beyond all that's decent, and then you can die! 
Till the name of Tohdoh the Miracle has grown ragged and tattered! 
You're telling me that the Japanese people can't accept their defeat until then? 
Till now they had to accept it. 
However, now that I'm here there's hope because I can likely turn their dreams into reality. 
Heh...


And now for the highlight of today's events, Princess Euphemia will select the grand prize winner. 
The work upon which you place this flower will be deemed the winner, Your Highness. 
Colonel! 
Welcome back, Col. Tohdoh! 
Thank you. 
You've all worked so hard for this. 
No effort at all, sir. 
Cooperate with Zero! 
Eliminate the remaining forces here! 
Roger! 
Now all the tasks at hand have been cleared, and Nunnally's knight has already been chosen. 
That leaves only--

Damn! 
What's he doing here?! 
Well, how convenient -- the one problem left to contend with has come here on his own. 
Please, Your Highness. 
It's time for you to decide. 
We can't wait any longer. 
I know, but I... 
But I...

Hello? 
Escaped? 
They're skilled fighters. 
Oh, my... Aren't those new enemy models amazing? 
However, Ms. Cécile... 
Yes? 
In hindsight, it's certainly quite fortunate that the Lancelot's trailer is our primary means of transport. 
No, it's because you spent our entire budget on the Lancelot itself. 
That's hindsight. 
That's it? 
The white Knightmare that's given such trouble to Zero? 
Huh? 
Yeah. 
Hmm...


That's crazy! 
One against seven? 
But that Lancelot Knightmare is holding its own! 
Whoa, it dodged it! 
Wow, and again! 
You show 'em, White Knight! 
Listen, send in everything we've got. 
Then support Kururugi, and make him report that we're wiping out the terrorists. 
Zero, do you have any data available on this unit? 
Possibly. 
However, I want you to do exactly as I say. 
Ah, very well. 
I'll defer to you in this. 
All units, give him distance! 
Its speed and maneuverability are truly astonishing. 
Nevertheless...
Its movements follow a predictable pattern! 
Its initial attack is always straight on! 
It never feints that first move! 
Once you dodge that attack, he immediately moves to avoid your offensive! 
Check the data I'm sending you! 
S-5-7! 
Hey. 
He's really doing it. 
Right! 
So now the next move he makes will be... falling back to the rear! 
Coordinates: X-2-3! 
And with that... check! 
I know this! 
Who dares to anticipate my moves? 
No matter. 
Damn it! 
He doesn't have an ejection block on it! 
What? 
You mean we didn't install one?! 
No way...

Is that really you... 
Suzaku?! 
Wha--?! 
Huh?! 
Zero, what now?! 
Give us our next instructions! 
Zero! 
All this time it was him...? 
Suzaku...! 
Hey, isn't that?! 
That's Suzaku Kururugi! 
The one accused of killing Prince Clovis?! 
That's enough! 
Turn off the monitor, now! 
Wait, please! 
What?! 
I'd like to watch it to the end! 
Good, I can still pilot! 
Do not do this, Suzaku! 
Col. Tohdoh! 
So then... you wanna live more than you wanna follow your own principles?! 
Do I disappoint you? 
Very well, then keep to your schedule and execute me! 
But why...? 
Why are you there... You can't be because you... have to be by Nunnally's side! 
What's wrong?! 
That's the reason you're here, isn't it?! 
You have become a cowardly boy who's afraid of altering the status quo! 
Denying everything in our society is pointless! 
Once I make them trust me, I'll have the power to change it! 
You're serious?! 
I'm dead serious! 
Then you must continue down that path! 
Regardless whether you win or lose, you will achieve nothing unless you're prepared to sacrifice everything! 
And that goes for countries as well as individuals! 
Right! 
Zero, do we do?! 
Capture him, or--? 
Zero! 
We're destroying the white Knightmare! 
Got that? 
Wait for Zero's orders! 
We're not waiting! 
Capt. 
Senba, take Spinning Life or Death Formation! 
Roger! 
Don't do it! 
No, wait! 
Stand down! 
Don't worry! 
It's a synchronized four-way attack! 
He'll never dodge it! 
Mmm, Kururugi, release the harken booster quickly! 
The password's my favorite food! 
It can't--! 
No way! 
Huh?! 
Are you okay? 
Interesting fighting style he uses! 
This time, Asahina, circle around to the left! 
Stop it! 
Zero?! 
We've done enough fighting for now. 
We've achieved our objective here. 
Use escape route 3! 
Withdraw immediately! 
An unwinnable battle's not the same as a lost battle. 
You seem to be very aware of that, Zero. 
Wait! 
Now releasing chaff smoke! 
Look, they're running! 
He fought them off?! 
The Black Knights?! 
Suzaku... well done. 
Damned traitor! 
Why won't he follow them?! 
'Cuz they're Elevens, like him. 
Of course! 
I thought one against seven was a bit much to swallow. 
Princess Euphemia? 
All of you! 
I'll now answer the question you asked me earlier! 
You had inquired as to whom I would select to serve as my knight, correct? 
The knight I had chosen will be the young man you see before you: Warrant Officer Suzaku Kururugi! 
Tohdoh, I--I'm your... 
I am your foe! 
Hey, isn't Zero coming out? 
No. 
I called him, but he won't answer. 
What's wrong? 
Suzaku Kururugi... is he my enemy? 
The man who I intended to be Nunnally's protector is now Euphemia's knight. 
The Black Knights stand ready for battle, but am I ready for this? 
Must I carry on regardless? 
So that I can reshape the world into what I want it to be. 
The young -8bd9-f384-7623-75ea69c0555a gm-spell">Britannian Lelouch is faced with a choice between two divergent paths:
One leads to the past, in a quest to find his mother's enemies. 
The other way takes him to the future, where he will create a world in which his little sister Nunnally can live happily. 
Only Lelouch can choose which direction he will go. 
Will he follow the path that ends in destruction of the world, or will he travel the road to building a bright new one? 
STAGE 18: I ORDER YOU, SUZAKU KURURUGI



We used to have trouble getting even a single motorcycle. 
Now we have a submarine. 
The military district of India will be in big trouble if the -ba13-7322-4f68-28c0f2c5bd88 gm-spell">Britannians ever find out. 
-195d-5125-3436-e69e898ffd3a gm-spell">How'd she do it? 
Now then, due to our recent reorganization, a few changes have been made. 
Our new chief of military affairs will be -28b6-3292-b7d9-ed622d0dd0c7 gm-spell">Kyoshiro Tohdoh. 
Taking charge of all intelligence, espionage, and public relation matters, -3cd5-ec3b-ff2d-6e42660d697b gm-spell">Diethard Reid. 
This -10c3-a066-9d78-001f211c45c0 gm-spell">Britannian pretty boy?! 
Not to mention, he's a media type. 
Zero, I'm not a racist, but what's your reasoning for placing one of them in such a sensitive position? 
Reason? 
And what of me, I ask you? 
I'm not Japanese either. 
You all know this. 
What matters is the ability to produce results. 
Who you are and where you're from are of little consequence. 
Alright, alright, already! 
My deputy commander will be Kaname -614f-1f52-f87c-70bc79783a9d gm-spell">Ohgi. 
Who, me? 
You object? 
Uh... no. 
Well, you were our leader to begin with, weren't you? 
A newbie can't take that job, right? 
And for research and development, Rakshata. 
Who else? 
Captain of the Zero Squad: Kallen -9b98-5900-26cc-caf3d88f4915 gm-spell">Kouzuki. 
The Zero Squad? 
An elite guard under my direct command. 
Think of yourselves as my personal force. 
An elite guard... 
Zero. 
Captain of the First Squad will be Shogo Asahina. 
Second Squad: Ryouga -63ac-6748-bca2-e3b377b0f42c gm-spell">Senba. 
Third Squad: Kizuna -0300-fe64-c087-0d12831230b4 gm-spell">Kagesaki. 
And Tamaki will lead the Second Special Forces. 
That is all. 
I'm the man! 
There's no position for C. C.? 
Zero, may I add something? 
Hmm? 
There's one issue that still needs to be dealt with. 
Who cares if he's an honorary -765c-3a90-f103-c5915d674975 gm-spell">Britannian? 
Knighting an Eleven is just--

And broadcasting it live. 
-e8a7-ed35-53ef-3a708b4a49ac gm-spell">How'd he ever win her favor, I wonder. 
Well, even a princess has needs, right? 
Are they kidding?! 
No, this can't be happening! 
They're making him a major, an Eleven! 
Suzaku Kururugi. 
Wilt thou upon this day pledge thy fealty to Britannia and stand as a Knight of the Crown? 
Yes, Your Highness. 
Dost thou wish to abandon -f158-86e9-1063-79054af6edcd gm-spell">thyself and be sword and shield for the sake of the greater good? 
Yes, Your Highness. 
I, Euphemia li Britannia, do hereby dub thee Sir Suzaku Kururugi. 
So whose payroll is he on now? 
I believe Lloyd's already working on that. 
You mean... with him? 
Yes, well, it's not like I've ever met him, of course. 
Suzaku Kururugi. 
He's become a focal point among Elevens who are -27c1-6a83-e200-2d4b60f63207 gm-spell">Britannian supporters. 
I recommend he be assassinated. 
Assassinate him? 
He may be right. 
You've been the focus of the resistance movement. 
The servile masses lack such a hero. 
People aren't moved by ideology alone, but the -ebe7-73f5-4ace-c8d83aeed89f gm-spell">Britannians will hold this boy up as a symbol. 
I think that taking him out would be the smartest decision right now. 
I object. 
Hm? 
The Japanese would be revolted by such a cowardly act. 
Yeah, and the Black Knights are not in the business of killing the defenseless, either! 
What do you want us to do? 
Get him when he's alone and kill him straight out? 
Calm down. 
I'm merely suggesting we minimize our risk in the most efficient way possible. 
But it's -0e13-3eb1-5d98-21bfebbbc116 gm-spell">Zero's call, of course. 
What's so complicated? 
Just use your Geass on Kururugi. 
Drop it. 
So stubborn. 
Why not? 
Because he's your friend, or is it pride? 
...All of it. 
You might have to kill him, otherwise...


You haven't said anything about it yet. 
Appointing a knight is a privilege of royalty -- it's out of my hands, even as viceroy. 
Don't you see Suzaku Kururugi is an honorary -79a6-ca45-e3c5-ce1f6572da9b gm-spell">Britannian, and he's proved himself more than worthy of knighthood. 
Sister, even you have to--

It's viceroy. 
Viceroy, even you must know that he's deserving. 
Discrimination against the Numbers is our national policy. 
Then it's time I tried to change that! 
Oh, is it now, Sub-Viceroy? 
Well, when you become empress, feel free to do so! 
Construction of the Thought Elevator is proceeding as scheduled. 
Yes, I understand. 
What? 
-f6f8-dcc2-74f7-30df4b6fef7a gm-spell">Schneizel? 
Yes, Majesty. 
Your orders? 
You needn't interfere. 
If he is that sure of himself, let him challenge me. 
Okay guys, time to raise a glass to Kururugi here! 
Valued member of the student council and a knight of the realm! 
Now let's get this party started, huh? 
Congratulations! 
You have Nunnally to thank for all of this. 
I'm sure you're tired of the celebrations. 
If you don't mind, we -a4c6-eaae-f0a8-dff3fb9add25 gm-spell">wanna honor you too! 
Not at all! 
It's really kind of you. 
Oh... what am I gonna do? 
Princess Euphemia...

Good afternoon

Have you seen Maj. Kururugi? 
They said I could find him here... Hmm? 
-cc02-c4bb-49f4-96cd0f6ee131 gm-spell">Oooh! 
Looks like you're working on some fun stuff! 
You know what it is? 
Oh, I can tell uranium isotope when I see one. 
Wow, you know your stuff! 
And if you can get that uranium to absorb active neutrons, then it should split into high-speed neutrons and atomic nuclei. 
The problem is you need to fuel the reaction with U-235, which only makes up 0.7 percent of all natural uranium. 
So even if we came up with some means of induce fission, we'd never have enough raw materials. 
That's why--


Hey Prez, where's Nina? 
I told her to be here. 
Oh hey, Kallen! 
Can you help me set out more pizza? 
Hey! 
Are you listening? 
This is for Zero, Kallen. 
If you don't do it here...

Hey, I think Shirley wants you to give her a hand. 
I'm sorry, but I'm right in the middle of something at the moment. 
What are you doing? 
Maybe I can help out. 
Hey. 
I'm sorry. 
I got held up. 
Huh? 
No problem! 
I'm just happy you could be here. 
Hey, what did you want to talk about? 
You've said it was kind of important, right? 
Oh... yeah... Just forget it. 
Huh? 
Bad news, Suzaku! 
You just got even more work to do, I'm afraid. 
Oh, right...

You know him? 
He is my boss. 
Lloyd, is something wrong? 
Oh, do you guys know each other? 
We are to be married. 
Huh? 
What?! 
Isn't that right, honey bunch? 
Uh... yeah...

-d201-fd03-c193-1e63b27cdc7e gm-spell">Secret's out. 
So you knew? 
Mm-hmm. 
Whoa! 
Whoa! 
What's going on here?! 
Who is this guy? 
Earl Asplund. 
EARL?! 
It's an honor, your lordship. 
Now, what did you say your relationship was again? 
She and I are betrothed. 
NOOOOO!!! 
You were serious then? 
So... do I have military duties then? 
Yes, an important someone and others are arriving by boat. 
We're off to meet him. 
Along with the Lancelot and Princess Euphemia, naturally. 
Why -8d31-3e43-6bca-ccbcc82650c1 gm-spell">Shikine Island? 
The Tokyo Settlement would've been a lot safer. 
Yes, I'm curious about that myself. 
Wha--?! 
You're saying you don't know either? 
Ditto. 
Huh? 
You still shouldn't have said anything. 
After all, your loose lips got our plans leaked onto the Net. 
That girl was so charming, though. 
I couldn't resist. 
Euphemia is going to that island to meet a noble from their homeland. 
Her knight Suzaku Kururugi will be accompanying her. 
That far out at sea, the enemy's strength will be limited. 
It is a golden opportunity. 
Our objective is the capture of the Lancelot and Suzaku Kururugi. 
Once we've won the battle, I want Kururugi taken safely into custody. 
So, what happens after we got him? 
Don't worry. 
Just leave that to me. 
That's our spot, huh? 
You suppose it's going to work? 
I think we'll be fine. 
The stealth effect we get as a byproduct seems to be working. 
How can you tell? 
The -55c2-5594-fa87-d7ac5b474b50 gm-spell">Britannians haven't found us, have they? 
What's that tell you? 
Oh, I see. 
You're right! 
It is just a first step, though. 
-a702-161b-1272-22ba222496bf gm-spell">Diethard, what did you talk Kallen into doing? 
I told her to dig up what she could on Kururugi. 
Maybe I implied a little more than that. 
Don't overstep your bounds. 
I don't recall ordering his assassination. 
You want us to be the hammer of justice, right? 
We can't have people thinking about us as cold-blooded killers, I know. 
But we can hide the truth using the media. 
You can't change the world without getting your hands dirty. 
Am I wrong? 
-953d-a574-5644-d407032c8bb4 gm-spell">Diethard... what are you really after? 
You may have been demoted, but you're still a -afc2-4239-c8e9-c2de38a51937 gm-spell">Britannian. 
You don't need to join the Black Knights to change the world, do you? 
I never mentioned this, but the first time I ever saw you was the night you rescued Kururugi... and I trembled! 
It was like a new era had taken form and appeared before me! 
I wish to document you, Zero. 
As you build your organization and topple over the empire then take this world for your own! 
I wish to be there, documenting history as it's created! 
Nothing has ever made my heart dance more! 
Documenting? 
You're right in the thick of it. 
I'd say you're fabricating history. 
Objectivity is a fairy tale. 
In the end, journalism is a product of the human mind, like everything else. 
You're not to interfere with military matters. 
Yes, of course. 
Arrival time's right on schedule. 
We've prepared a room for you back at headquarters if you care to wait there. 
Is it safe to assume that the ship is docking here? 
Yes, that hasn't changed. 
This will do fine then. 
Very well, I'll just arrange for an escort. 
Huh? 
Terrorists? 
But how did they get here?! 
First Squad, continue advancing! 
Zero Squad, I want you covering them from their flank! 
Filthy Elevens! 
She sure packs a punch, huh? 
Impressive. 
It's no wonder Tohdoh held off the -2b06-620f-8697-594fa052621b gm-spell">Britannians once before without a single Knightmare. 
Now I only have to wait for Euphemia to receive word of our visit. 
Headquarters appears to be under some sort of attack! 
Huh? 
We'll withdraw to the settlement. 
Can you arrange an escort unit for her? 
It's too risky to leave right now. 
They're jamming us with some kind of wide-range interference. 
You're going to be fine. 
Don't worry, Princess. 
I won't let any harm come to you. 
No, Suzaku, you should help these men fend off the attack. 
Huh? 
But Sub-Viceroy, he is an honorary -578b-b583-0f28-8ccb5c1d776b gm-spell">Britannian! 
We're almost certainly dealing with the Black Knights here. 
What if he turns the Lancelot against us?! 
Uh, you do realize you're criticizing a member of royalty, right? 
Oh... uh... forgive me. 
I didn't mean to...

Kururugi, demonstrate your valor for us today so that we may finally silence all these naysayers. 
Right! 
Worthless garrison unit! 
I'll finish the job! 
Huh?! 
Ah! 
Zero, there you are. 
That's right, Suzaku! 
Come! 
Confirming target. 
All units, assume formation three and fall back. 
Do not fire on the target! 
I repeat: do not fire! 
Yes, thanks to the Special Corps. 
Wha--? 
But that would mean...! 
Yes, Your Highness! 
He's not equipped for that sand he jumped into. 
Could he be drawing me into a setup... using himself as bait? 
Fine then! 
Zero! 
I got you...! 
...right where...! 
...I want you. 
What the--?! 
It's frozen?! 
No good! 
We need to talk, Kururugi! 
I suggest you come out! 
Your secondary system should still be functioning. 
You'll be treated as a prisoner under international law. 
Of course, If you don't care to talk, we could just gun you down. 
I don't care! 
Tell Suzaku to abandon the unit! 
What could possibly be wrong with it? 
How come it won't move?! 
-69a2-81ce-bef8-533ee9f3765a gm-spell">Something's happened to the -168e-b141-fe25-0ab9a3d91d78 gm-spell">Sakuradite that's powering Suzaku's Lancelot! 
Somebody's interfering with it! 
A Gefjun Disturber. 
You mean--! 
But they're actually using it as a jamming mechanism. 
I thought it was only theoretical... What a fool I am. 
It really is you, Rakshata? 
It looks like the range and endurance still -9082-c473-181a-527b806c1940 gm-spell">need a little work. 
I'II get straight to the point, Suzaku Kururugi: I want you to join me. 
Is that a threat? 
Well, you can forget it! 
I already told you. 
Results gained through contemptible means are worthless to me! 
So, you wouldn't describe the peace we have now as worthless? 
If Japan had resisted to its very last breath seven years ago, what do you think would've happened? 
The Chinese and the E.U. 
would've stepped in and split Japan in three. 
They'd be fighting even now. 
Our current peace is the result of Japan's immediate and unconditional surrender. 
That's right, and I've been fighting to preserve my father's peace ever since it began! 
You're wrong. 
Prime Minister Kururugi, elected by the people, didn't choose surrender. 
That decision was selfishly made by his killer. 
With the government thrown into chaos, surrender became the only logical choice. 
The will of the people was stolen from them... by a lone criminal pursuing his own selfish agenda! 
Can you hear them at all? 
There's too much static on the mic! 
How on Earth do you know that...? 
There's only one way for you to atone now. 
Huh? 
Present the Japanese people with the choice they weren't able to make then. 
The path they were robbed of seven years ago! 
Fighting Britannia! 
Fighting them? 
That again? 
It's an option worth exploring. 
Or would you rather drag the masses towards a future dictated by your own egotism? 
You call that peace? 
Do you read me? 
Maj. Kururugi! 
Please respond! 
May I? 
As you wish. 
This is Lt. 
Colonel -bfb5-0a2d-4ce5-22c164763051 gm-spell">Fayer, commander here on -7b17-cca2-efae-bfe33bb0bbb7 gm-spell">Shikine Island! 
We're launching surface-to-surface missiles against the terrorists! 
Maj. Kururugi, your orders are to keep Zero there! 
They're giving him up to die! 
K--Kururugi, what are you--?! 
I can't approve of your methods! 
All I can do right now is this! 
Why, you little...! 
Don't move! 
The field will affect you too! 
But Zero...! 
We're assigning Portman here to escort them. 
The sub-viceroy should be taken out of the--

Wait! 
You're going to destroy the Lancelot?! 
Kururugi is holding Zero there. 
This is our chance to kill him! 
And whose idea was this?! 
Maj. Kururugi is my personal knight! 
It was a para-level one order. 
It can only be countermanded by the consensus of at least three ranking generals or the viceroy herself, I'm afraid. 
Then who exactly issued this order, Captain?! 
Get me a line to them immediately! 
Para-level one order, Princess Euphemia. 
Out of my way! 
Sub-Viceroy! 
Contact the base! 
Tell them there's a chance I'll be caught in the attack! 
See if they'll initiate their launch then! 
Please, stop this! 
Think what you're doing! 
But they'll stop with the princess out there... 
I'm not sure they will, unfortunately. 
Incoming missiles, confirmed! 
Damn! 
Hold on, I'm coming! 
Dammit! 
You're gonna die here as well! 
You don't have a problem with that?! 
Your sacrifice isn't in vain, Major. 
We are about to put an end to the most dangerous criminal our homeland has ever known! 
They'll speak of your bravery for generations to come! 
SHUT UP! 
All -8144-e868-7cb8-c770343fd267 gm-spell">Knightmares, target on those missiles and throw up a barrage! 
Empty your guns if you have to! 
Suzaku, let Zero go! 
It's me! 
Suzaku, it's Kallen Stadtfeld from the student council! 
Look at me! 
Suzaku, you can't die now! 
A soldier must always follow his orders! 
Humph! 
Certainly easier than following your own heart! 
How do you feel about this?! 
You're wrong! 
I have rules that I made and need to live by-- uh. 
They completed a float system? 
Well, I'm outdone. 
That's... my brother's Avalon! 
No, it can't be! 
Dammit, Suzaku, do something! 
You're going to die! 
Better that than breaking the rules! 
You stubborn fool! 
My Geass is the power to command others. 
None can disobey. 
Those I turn it on find their ethics, their thoughts, and their feelings crushed beneath its power. 
And knowing all of that I used it... on Suzaku. 
Where's the Lancelot? 
Zero! 
It's no use. 
I can't remember anything. 
Where am I? 
STAGE 19: ISLAND OF THE GODS



Just as I thought. 
This is another island. 
The vegetation and climate are the same as Shikine Island. 
We can't be that far from it. 
There's no way to contact anyone without an in-com. 
But what's more important right now is to find a source of drinkable water and shelter. 
Kallen? 
It can't be. 
Excuse me! 
Suzaku? 
A Black Knight uniform?! 
You mean that you're a--! 
I don't believe it. 
It's really you? 
Kallen! 
Kallen Stadtfeld! 
I don't believe it! 
You're one of--

Don't call me by that name! 
Kallen Kouzuki's my real name! 
I'm Japanese! 
You're kidding. 
Then you really are--

Yes, I'm a Black Knight! 
Got it? 
I'm not going to hide that anymore! 
Well then, Kallen Kouzuki, I'm placing you under arrest for conspiracy and rebellion against Britannia! 
Tch. 
Contacting Ohgi and the others is going to be a chore. 
Although I suppose I could pass myself off as an ordinary person and ask the Britannian forces to rescue me. 
I see. 
And you don't know what happened either. 
When you came to, you find yourself on this island. 
Is that right? 
Humph... 
So then you're stranded here too, huh? 
Serves you right. 
When my people get here, you're the one who'll be a prisoner. 
You mean Zero will come to save you? 
Without a doubt. 
Okay, before he does, tell me one thing. 
Tell me who he really is. 
Why don't you find out for yourself? 
Oh, I see. 
You don't know either. 
How did--? 
I knew it. 
You tricked me?! 
Isn't masking one's identity a bigger fraud? 
I'm curious -- why do you follow Zero? 
I don't know. 
Figure that out for yourself! 
Lelouch. 
Lelouch, it's you, isn't it? 
I haven't told anyone about you, I swear! 
Please, before you shoot, let me at least see your face...
Lelouch! 
Underground probe radar team, move from section D to section F.

Find her! 
Whatever it takes, find Princess Euphemia! 
Why couldn't she behave the way a sub-viceroy figurehead is expected to?! 
What a situation. 
If Princess Cornelia hears about this...! 
Oh, my! 
Who would have imagined a floating aircraft carrier! 
You told me to gather data before practical application, correct? 
Because I'm extremely interested in whatever you create. 
I needed to see if this could be made real. 
And the Hadron Cannon? 
We wanted to know if the thing worked. 
I've been looking forward to meeting you, Ms. Cécile Croomy. 
I am... 
Prince Schneizel? 
Right here? 
You impudent little--! 
How dare you look down upon the second prince of the empire! 
G--General Bartley! 
Nice one. 
You're not injured, I hope. 
Yes, I am Prince Schneizel el Britannia. 
Please, give me your hand. 
Yes...

Gah... she's unworthy! 
General, you're quite the devoted subject, aren't you? 
Primarily because the prince is the one who commuted my sentence and saved me from being chained up deep beneath Temple Tower! 
I wish you'd stop thinking of me so formally. 
You've been a great help to me in this current matter, as you were to my brother Clovis. 
It is I who am grateful to you. 
M--My Lord! 
Please, Bartley...
Now, my lady Cécile, if you'll excuse me. 
Y--Your Highness! 
Farewell. 
You can wait for me at the base, Cécile. 
Huh? 
Where are you going? 
Just a little errand. 
While I'm doing that, I'll use the Avalon to look for Suzaku. 
It's hard to find devicers like that young man, especially after yesterday's exploits. 
Please wait! 
Were those orders yesterday issued by the prince?! 
Silence! 
You don't want to be in contempt of royalty, do you?! 
Those orders were mine, Ms. Cécile. 
I also fired the Hadron. 
Even in a situation like that, priorities mustn't be forgotten. 
Besides, if something anomalous happened, we would have still been able to rescue him. 
That's what I gambled on. 
He is after all Suzaku Kururugi, ace pilot of the Special Corps and Euphy's knight. 
Yes, My Lord! 
I understand now, and I sorely regret my rudeness. 
I accept any punishment you decree. 
Nonsense. 
It's my fault for not protecting my subordinates. 
Can you ever forgive me? 
When did you figure it out? 
Back during the hotel jacking. 
I see... At that time I said too much without thinking. 
Still, I wasn't convinced until now. 
I'm naive, as well. 
Even so, why didn't you discuss it with Cornelia? 
I didn't because my sister never listens to me. 
Besides that... 
I think things are depressing enough as they are. 
Nunnally -- how is she? 
She's living with me, but she's still blind and crippled. 
The hatred you must feel for us. 
I only want to find out one thing -- do you know anything about the circumstance in which my mother was murdered? 
I'm sorry. 
It seems my sister's investigated it extensively, though. 
Cornelia thought a lot about Lady Marianne and really looked up to her. 
May I ask you something now? 
Hm? 
Are you... 
Zero? 
Or... or are you...? 
I'm Lelouch. 
Yeah... 
Here and now, I'm Lelouch, the brother that you know, Euphy. 
Oh, Lelouch... 
I believe feeling relieved has made me hungry. 
Are you sure that this will work? 
From the paw prints and droppings, I can tell that wild animals use this path...! 
I plan to set up a trap that dates back to medieval times...! 
Oh...


Gotcha! 
Oh wow, you're not bad at that. 
Do you wanna try it too? 
I'll tell you what -- I'll let you loose if you promise to help me find food. 
Is that a deal? 
Hmph. 
You're not gonna win me over, so why try? 
What do you take me for? 
Man, you're stubborn! 
You're not anything like the way you are at school. 
Even using... a lever...

Why don't you let me help you with that? 
Manual... labor isn't... for a... royal princess...
Don't worry. 
My method's perfect. 
Well, I suppose. 
I could go and search for something like fruit, okay? 
Be careful, Euphy. 
Right! 
Enemy battleship has passed us. 
You've gotta be kidding. 
A battleship that can hover in midair? 
That's great. 
We can't remain in this area any longer -- the risk is too great. 
We should pull out of here. 
Mmm-hmm. 
Ohgi, I disagree. 
We ought to at least stay put and look for Zero. 
He has a point. 
But we can't send out a search party in this situation. 
Even though we're able to hide, thanks to Rakshata, there's no guarantee Zero and Kallen are still alive. 
One wrong step and we threaten the very existence of our organization. 
What do you mean? 
It's entirely the other way around: this entire organization is built around Zero! 
It's not a group without members. 
The way you speak, you sound like a typical Britannian to me! 
All right then, answer me this. 
We have followers of almost every ideology under the sun gathered here. 
Yet how is it that the whole lot of them can cooperate and work together toward the same goal? 
Because of the results we get? 
Tell me, who is it that gets us those results?! 
I'll be the first to admit that he does, but is he worth the lives of everyone? 
At times the life of a single man is worth more than those of a million! 
I thought that would be common sense to a soldier! 
You dare say that here? 
Easy, guys...

Oh, all right, then I'll tell you. 
He's very much alive. 
We've no time for your wishful thinking! 
The information's true -- I simply know it. 
Oh, you're an oracle now?! 
I told you to shut your trap and get some training on a Knightmare, you dumbass! 
Dumbass? 
Oh, really? 
It's been ages since anyone's dared to refer to me in such a rude manner. 
Like Zero's mistress has any right to get uppity with us! 
I said you were wrong. 
You're a man who only has vulgar ideas. 
You've got a lot of nerve talking to your superior like that! 
Look, this whole conversation's got out of hand! 
Okay, how about this? 
We hang in a safe zone, an ocean area just outside of detection range, where we can wait until the end of tomorrow. 
How does that sound for a time limit? 
All right. 
Well, I suppose we have no choice. 
For heaven's sake! 
I was forced to talk with that boring little man thanks to your silly prank. 
You sent Kallen to the island? 
You have very poor taste for being such an imperious observer. 
What's wrong? 
They're quite tasty! 
I'm sure you'll be able to make your pitfall trap tomorrow. 
Ohh, I can't eat another bite! 
Boy, am I stuffed. 
So is this a glimpse of what you're really like? 
Yeah. 
You wanna make something of it? 
No, I think it's charming to see you so much livelier than you are at school. 
Kallen, leave the Black Knights. 
It's not too late. 
A captured terrorist never winds up with a happy ending. 
I thought you weren't so bad, then you show your true colors. 
Well, that won't work! 
I happen to be the captain of Zero's elite guard. 
And in fact, I've fought you in my Knightmare. 
Were you that red one? 
Yeah, and even if I lose my life doing it, I'll beat that Knightmare of yours someday. 
Using Zero's methods offers no future. 
And what about your future then?! 
To just live the life of a conqueror's subjugated lapdog, an honorary Britannian? 
Or to be the knight of the third princess? 
Hah! 
The name of Genbu Kururugi, the Last Samurai, weeps! 
I'm not you! 
This world is wrong, and I'm trying to change it! 
If I don't... 
If I don't, my brother's death will have been for nothing. 
That's my reason for fighting... and I'll do whatever it takes to win! 
Kallen, the truth is... 
I killed my father. 
My father didn't commit suicide. 
I took his life... with this hand... 
The stars haven't changed, have they? 
They were the same back then. 
Long ago, we all used to gaze up at the stars together. 
Wouldn't it be wonderful if we could live like that again? 
I'd be so happy then. 
Can't we go back to that? 
Yes, you're right. 
It would be so good to just go back to how things were. 
Zero is a lot like my father. 
He firmly believes that the entire world revolves around him. 
That's why he's able to justify spilling the blood of so many people. 
That's why you accept the way things are now?! 
You call that peace?! 
Some things are more important than your life, you know! 
It isn't that I want you to give up. 
I just want you to ask yourself. 
When you gain results the wrong way, what are you left with in the end? 
Only dark regret and a deep emptiness that have nowhere to go. 
Then explain something...
What higher purpose did the death of my brother serve? 
Who gets to sit in judgment? 
Who decides whether it's right or wrong? 
Euphy... 
Even for me to survive... 
Even struggling with my shame, I still search for a reason to go on living. 
I'm a disgrace. 
We couldn't find Maj. Kururugi washed ashore on the other islands, so it's obvious we should look here. 
We'll send a search party out in the morning. 
Hmm... And this must be what you mentioned? 
Yes! 
We uncovered it when the Shinjuku incident occurred. 
Ah... 
Yes, I can see why this would've attracted Clovis' interest. 
Are you sure you really saw a light? 
Yeah, I'm positive. 
It must be a search party. 
Once we learn who it is, we'll know how to deal with them. 
Deal with them? 
A Thought Elevator, you say? 
I'm afraid archeology isn't my strong suit, especially this paranormal stuff. 
Why, you... Show some respect! 
As I was saying, this is way outside of my field. 
I wish you could've asked Cécile about this instead. 
Please don't complain so much. 
My father is infatuated with this as well. 
Isn't that right, Bartley? 
Yes. 
We've found artifacts similar to these in a number of places around the world. 
Except for this one that I discovered, all the other sites are directly under imperial control. 
This is mere speculation on my part, but I think the real reason we're invading other countries is to obtain these objects! 
And so, in order to analyze this ancient occult data, you're going to use the Gawain's Druid System, untuned prototype that it is? 
That's why we called you in. 
AH-HAH! 
I think it was around here. 
Lelouch, if it is a search party, then will our time be over here? 
Yes, it will. 
I'm such an undependable knight -- I couldn't even capture you any food. 
And besides, that's a job reserved for a real knight -- your knight, Suzaku Kururugi. 
Mind if I ask you? 
Why choose an honorary Britannian? 
Well, I...

What are those two doing together?! 
Suzaku! 
P--Princess Euphemia! 
Don't move! 
This girl is my prisoner! 
Zero! 
Just follow my cue. 
I'll take back my subordinate you have there! 
We'll exchange prisoners! 
Zero! 
Once again, you--

Keep back! 
Hmph! 
You find my actions cowardly? 
Eliminate terrorists, no matter what the sacrifice. 
Do you intend to follow this rule and let your mistress die?! 
In spite of the fact that your integrity has already been broken? 
Leave him alone! 
Shut up, you royal puppet! 
You're useless! 
You can't think for yourself or do anything on your own! 
What?! 
I'm not afraid of you, and I don't care what happens to me! 
Suzaku, I command you to fight! 
Your Highness! 
With pleasure! 
You hardheaded fool! 
Oh, not good...

My Lord, please save yourself! 
Maj. Kururugi! 
And is that... 
Zero? 
Don't you, you fools! 
Princess Euphemia's with them! 
Capture them! 
Capture them! 
Look, Zero, that's a Knightmare over there! 
Perfect! 
We'll use that! 
Let's go! 
Right! 
Suzaku! 
Suzaku, what is it? 
What's wrong? 
This is good! 
Not only unmanned, but activated too! 
Form a wall in front of Princess Euphemia! 
Hurry! 
What kind of Knightmare is this...? 
It's my lucky day! 
Schneizel! 
So that's him? 
That's Zero? 
Ah! 
The Gawain! 
Stop that woman now! 
Get the machine back! 
We can't allow it to fall into Zero's hands! 
Schneizel... next time! 
Alert 1! 
Alert 1! 
Sutherlands are blocking our exit! 
Hang on tight! 
I'm going through them! 
Huh?! 
Disappear. 
Damn! 
The weapons are incomplete! 
Zero! 
Reinforcements! 
Don't be worried yet! 
Another system is operational. 
We're flying?! 
This Knightmare can fly! 
The Gawain! 
Our beautiful prize Gawain! 
Well, it was only a test model. 
Aside from that, I'm thankful you're both all right. 
Oh, Schneizel, I missed you! 
Dear Euphy, I'm sorry it took us so long. 
No, it's all right. 
Your Highness, shall we keep to the schedule? 
Hm? 
Oh, right. 
Maj. Suzaku Kururugi, you're under arrest for a violation of military regulations. 
What's the meaning of this?! 
Maj. Kururugi is my knight! 
You can't do--

This is something I can take care of later. 
For now, let them be. 
Did something happen? 
I've contacted Ohgi! 
We'll rendezvous with them out at sea. 
Right! 
And... one other thing. 
The Guren Mk-II? 
It was recovered. 
You may thank Asahina and Chiba for that. 
Yes, sir! 
Suzaku, forgive me. 
I never intended to use the power on you, but...
LIVE! 
Maj. Kururugi, follow your orders! 
Shut up! 
Who cares about them?! 
I HAVE TO LIVE! 
I have no idea how you got out of the Lancelot, but you blew a golden opportunity to put an end to Zero in order to save your own life according to this. 
Are you going to protest this evidence? 
Was that... really me? 
This is nothing less than an insubordination! 
Kururugi did that?! 
Yes. 
The details are unknown. 
Dammit, just when I thought we had nailed the lid on Ishikawa... 
Your Highness! 
What now, Guilford? 
The enemy has destroyed the Great Kamon Bridge in Kyushu block! 
What?! 
They also cut off vehicle access at four other points, and large numbers of assault landing craft are moving into the Genkai Sea! 
The Chinese Federation?! 
But have they made a declaration of war? 
No, Highness! 
The craft are bearing the flag of Japan! 
What was Schneizel doing on that island? 
Was there something hidden in that area? 
And Euphy... 
I think I can trust you for now, but I also need to consider what happened with Kallen and Suzaku. 
No! 
First, we have to deal with Kyushu! 
That will determine our future -- the future of both the Black Knights and myself! 
We hereby declare the resurrection of Japan as a lawful, independent, and sovereign nation! 
Atsushi -6dd3-0b51-2a0e-d33890f47312 gm-spell">Sawasaki, leader of the forces that have occupied the Fukuoka military base, was Chief Cabinet Minister of the Kururugi Administration in the former nation of Japan. 
After the war, he fled to the Chinese Federation, but is apparently making his move now in response to the recent civil unrest caused by Zero. 
Whether the Black Knights have played a role in these unfolding events is still under investigation. 
We're not part of it! 
What does Kyoto say about it? 
They didn't know this was coming. 
They were just notified about his unilateral claims over the -fd75-a301-7394-0abba581a480 gm-spell">Sakuradite mining rights. 
Zero, it's our move. 
What are we gonna do? 
STAGE 20: THE BATTLE FOR -d589-c657-fb4f-87305990d8f4 gm-spell">KYUSHU



-dc6b-7f5c-76e7-520c6871209d gm-spell">Sawasaki's group was working in conjunction with a terrorist organization in Kyushu. 
After cutting off vehicle access from Honshu and Shikoku, and with support from Chinese Federation forces in the -41ca-9687-9022-95e292a09f6b gm-spell">Liaodong military district, they're expanding their occupation around Fukuoka, Nagasaki, and Oita. 
According to General Tsao, the Chinese Federation is providing humanitarian support, and is not acting--

So, how's Suzaku doing? 
He says he'll do whatever the mission demands. 
I see. 
And what about Prince -222d-d0c3-9064-16dc7a3fc2aa gm-spell">Schneizel? 
Where is he? 
In the Tokyo Settlement. 
Got there after his run-in with Suzaku. 
Avalon doesn't have its commander right now, but we have to finish this up if we want to counter the Gefjun Disturber. 
I dishonored you. 
I'm not worthy to be your knight. 
If this is about you disobeying orders, my brother -1a9d-cf8e-cceb-a31cedd35226 gm-spell">Schneizel said it was an unusual situation, and you shouldn't be blamed for it. 
I can't forgive myself. 
Please...

Has knighthood become a burden for you -- something that troubles you? 
No, I'm grateful for it. 
Then why? 
I've remembered something. 
I-- I killed my own father. 
I was never punished for it. 
I just lived on like nothing happened. 
And right now, I'm being protected again! 
While soldiers die and Elevens suffer, I'm unscathed! 
A person like me doesn't deserve this. 
You don't deserve it...? 
Then I don't either...


Princess Cornelia, we're taking too many losses! 
This tempest is preventing us from using our air power! 
We'll have to delay the landing operation until the weather changes. 
It's a stroke of good fortune that this storm hit. 
We must use it to tighten our grip on Kyushu. 
You see, Gen. Tsao? 
Heaven is on our side. 
We're going to prevail in this battle with ease. 
Martial law is not necessary -- such measures would only upset and frighten people. 
Contact E.U. 
Foreign Minister -2321-9b1f-59cd-ab8f27853106 gm-spell">Gandolphi. 
Oh, and put a call in to the -3286-1374-648b-2f2390c97a23 gm-spell">Tromo Agency in Cambodia. 
Prince -5640-0ccc-28d6-711216166880 gm-spell">Schneizel, using the -3ec3-5da6-3872-0e0d36950beb gm-spell">Tromo Agency could be of--

Prime Minister! 
Yes, -c5af-f325-7cf5-4fb234f98c98 gm-spell">Euphy. 
Something wrong? 
Is there anything I can do to help? 
I'm the sub-viceroy of Area 11. 
I should be assisting you. 
Thank you. 
Just your offer to help me is more than enough. 
But I... 
The viceroy gave strict orders that you -b963-931e-4e59-f0d9a222111b gm-spell">not entangled in this matter, Princess. 
She did? 
Just because I chose my knight without her consent? 
Oh, uh, no, that's not correct. 
I think even the Kururugi matter--

Please understand, -e9d4-5d88-dd31-3af32a3ecdda gm-spell">Euphy. 
Cornelia can't take any chances now -- the situation is too treacherous. 
You mean...

-df3e-9c17-be02-4fabae74b2f5 gm-spell">Darlton, concerning the matter we were discussing, I know someone who has a way in with them, so I will ask for help. 
Yes, Your Highness. 
After all our hard work getting ready, it looks they're gonna cancel the school festival. 
That's hardly a huge consideration since we're at war. 
Did you say "war"? 
They're using this government in exile as a smoke screen, but this is a war with the Chinese Federation! 
Oh, I see...

Nina, what about the booth we were planning to borrow from the art museum? 
Uh, I'm going there today. 
If I had some extra time... 
I'd also like you to drop into the science department. 
Are you talking about that present of yours? 
Huh? 
What present is that? 
Prof. Asplund said I should ask him if there was something special that I wanted. 
You mean Lloyd?! 
That philandering playboy?! 
That's enough! 
Could you get a little work done? 
Easy for you to say. 
This is work for three people! 
Suzaku's in the army, Kallen's in the hospitalized, and the other fool's nowhere to be found! 
There's something's really weird about Lelouch lately. 
I was so shocked. 
I'm still confused about it. 
How can Lelouch be Zero? 
I still haven't told anyone. 
I want to meet you first and ask you face to face. 
Did I really write that letter? 
How is it possible? 
Why did I forget... that -bfa7-d070-4fbd-ba314ba175c9 gm-spell">Nunna's big brother is Zero? 
Z-01 float attachment, contact. 
Control line, established. 
Avionics, all systems, on-line. 
That's really amazing. 
You got a perfect rating on the float simulator. 
Thank you. 
Tell me... why did you want to give up being a knight, Suzaku? 
Well, because... Princess Euphemia still approves of me, even as I am now. 
So, if I caused her any trouble -- if I brought her dishonor or shame -- I had a feeling that she would end up hating herself. 
A figurehead -- that's all I was from the start. 
I knew that, but I thought if I gave my best effort, maybe I could make some difference...
Forgive me, Clovis. 
I met Zero face to face, but I didn't avenge your death. 
I have to think of some way to save Lelouch and Nunnally... but how? 
I don't have the kind of power that my sister has. 
I'm not like her or -a501-8e46-49e5-82d99fa12e0e gm-spell">Schneizel. 
No matter where I go, I'm just a burden, and I act selfishly though I don't mean to. 
I chose my knight against my sister's advice... and now he's resigned...


Oh yeah, they told me about you. 
You need to get the documents signed today, right? 
But a member of the royal family is viewing the art right now. 
Huh? 
Which member is it? 
Uhh, so you're saying--? 
We aren't going to collaborate with -424e-37a6-07d0-9fbad5f947d6 gm-spell">Sawasaki. 
He's not independent -- he's a puppet of the Chinese Federation. 
But he says he's fighting for Japan! 
We get a new name and a new master, but nothing would change. 
His Japan is a sham. 
Yeah? 
What you're really saying is--

--when Britannia strikes back, we play dead? 
Zero, perhaps you'd better clarify what our overall mission is. 
Yeah, he's right. 
Even leaving aside the -872d-b4df-52bf-cd4b93725acc gm-spell">Sawasaki matter, what's our midterm goal on this? 
To make Tokyo an independent nation! 
Independent?! 
A nation?! 
Are you serious?! 
You mean us? 
A country? 
He's joking, right? 
I thought so. 
He's really going all the way. 
Wait a minute! 
No matter how much the Black Knights have expanded--! 
Our enemy is an empire that controls one third of the world! 
We can't pull that off alone! 
Then answer this! 
Are you just going to sit back and wait for someone else to defeat Britannia? 
Who?! 
You think if you wait long enough, some day the right chance will finally come? 
Don't be naive! 
If we don't stand up and do it ourselves, that "some day" will never come! 
Princess Euphemia! 
Hey! 
Secure the perimeter! 
Code Delta! 
We have a Code Delta! 
Please! 
I just -747b-69bf-1c26-193c001b7c6b gm-spell">wanna thank Princess Euphemia! 
J--just one look at her! 
This is front gate! 
Emergency lockdown! 
Lock down all entrances! 
Repeat: lock down all gates leading into the building! 
From the hotel! 
We've got a suspicious girl at the building perimeter! 
Watch for any unidentified vehicles! 
Please...! 
Prepare Room Four. 
We're coming in. 
Stop it! 
That girl is a personal friend of mine! 
Huh? 
Good, it's cleared up. 
Now we can resume the landing operation, and we'll try to put Prince -24a5-f688-bb7e-4678ed210203 gm-spell">Schneizel's plan into action. 
You think the Special Corps can break through their line? 
With Kururugi, it's possible. 
Using him can also mean trouble. 
But there's no commander on the Avalon now. 
Earl Asplund isn't capable. 
Incoming missiles! 
Launch point appears to be Fukuoka base! 
1 minute, 5 seconds to impact! 
Not bad! 
They're well-prepared against air raids as well. 
Are we sending up a barrage? 
We'll be fine in this position. 
Direct hit confirmed! 
The Avalon is destroyed! 
-759b-97b9-7200-7bc8924652c9 gm-spell">Hmph, even if it is state-of-the-art, a single ship can't possibly hurt us! 
Hmm? 
What the...? 
Lancelot's shield was already proved on the battlefield. 
Maj. Kururugi, I'm laying out the mission plan for final verification:
This ship will breach the enemy's front line from high altitude and move directly to the launch point. 
The advanced weapon system Z-01 Lancelot, using the float unit, will attack the enemy headquarters at Fukuoka base. 
The float unit consumes energy fast, so pay attention to your operation time. 
Yes, My Lord. 
M.E. 
Boost. 
Lancelot unit, now launching! 
Launch! 
The enemy ship seems to have launched a bomber, but it's moving faster than a fighter plane! 
I have picture! 
A Knightmare?! 
It's not being transported; it's just flying on its own! 
That weapons report we got, could this be it?! 
You mean that novelty weapon?! 
But then, the pilot is...! 
The military force that's trying to occupy the Kyushu block is fighting under ex-Minister Atsushi -1f1b-5c13-548d-7eb28eda0e29 gm-spell">Sawasaki. 
If they lose him, the new Japanese government will collapse very quickly. 
In that case, the Chinese Federation will lose their excuse for being here and have to withdraw. 
There it is -- the enemy headquarters. 
An open channel? 
This is Minister -b2f1-030f-9629-5ea6929a9b0c gm-spell">Sawasaki. 
Is that Prime Minister Kururugi's son in the pilot seat? 
I see. 
I didn't know he had a son like you. 
And then... when you saved me, Princess Euphemia -- I'll never forget it -- you looked like some kind of goddess... like you were bathed in radiant light. 
Oh, forgive me! 
I should have thanked you for these change of clothes you gave me. 
Oh, don't worry about that, Nina. 
Besides, I'm not at all the wonderful person you think I am. 
I'm no good compared to my brother and sister...

No, that's not true! 
How can you say that about yourself...? 
There's not one good thing about me... really, nothing at all. 
My parents are ordinary, I'm not the least bit pretty, and there's just nothing special about me! 
That's wrong, Nina. 
I think you're a very cute girl. 
Oh, no... 
I'm not really good for anything... not at all. 
She hates herself. 
But so do I... 
I guess I understand, but Suzaku makes me uneasy. 
That's it! 
Suzaku feels badly too! 
So please, oh please, don't say that you're no good, Princess Euphemia! 
I beg of you! 
Because... because... 
I need you... 
I need your goodness. 
Thank you so much, Nina. 
I'm glad I got to know you. 
You've really helped me understand! 
This has nothing to do with my father -- I came here to put an end to this fighting. 
I will accept your surrender. 
You want to rob Japan of its dream of freedom? 
Freedom has to come the right way! 
Not like this! 
You will act out of selfishness? 
It's justice without ideology! 
No, you're wrong! 
That's not what I--
My V.A.R.I.S.! 
Those are Chinese Federation Gun-Rus! 
He allowed me to distract him. 
He still has much to learn! 
-d6e8-8023-bdd6-9f13e1411459 gm-spell">Euphy? 
-44cc-fac8-a69a-3768528a48f7 gm-spell">Schneizel, may I have access to a private communication line? 
My energy filler! 
Are you kidding?! 
They blasted off the float?! 
The Avalon has to strike at the base! 
No! 
The shield doesn't completely surround us! 
One direct hit and we'll go down in flames! 
Suzaku, reroute all power to combat and -61be-8980-8543-c8816d2becdb gm-spell">comms systems! 
Got it! 
You had better surrender, Suzaku! 
Since you're Prime Minister Kururugi's son, I guarantee that you'll be very well-treated, my boy. 
I decline! 
If I use my father's name for this, I'll never forgive myself! 
This is between you and me! 
I see. 
You're very much your father's son, as foolish and stubborn as he was! 
Suzaku Kururugi! 
Princess Euphemia! 
Suzaku! 
The truth is, you and I...
That is--

Sorry, but right now--

You see... 
I hereby command you to love me! 
Right! 
Huh? 
What?! 
What is it?! 
Uh, sorry, but this is private. 
And in return, I will love you! 
Forever! 
Princess Euphemia! 
Suzaku, I love your stubbornness and your kindness and your strength! 
Your sad eyes, your clumsiness, and the way you have trouble with cats! 
I love everything about you! 
So please, don't hate yourself! 
I see that I've made you even more worried than I did before. 
You really are...
Everything you do is impulsive. 
When we first met, when you told me you were a princess, when you selected my school, when you made me a knight -- always! 
Yes, they were all so sudden. 
That's because... 
I suddenly realized... 
But then, it's that spur-of-the-moment feeling that's opened so many doors for me! 
Thank you! 
What are you doing?! 
Stop him now! 
Princess, can I make one final request? 
Final? 
If something happens to me, whatever it is, please don't blame yourself. 
Destroy all the records and erase every trace so no one knows what happened to me. 
I don't want my friends to be sad. 
Just tell them I transferred school or make up some story. 
Suzaku, don't tell me you're--! 
Yes. 
The Knightmare's out of energy. 
Oh, and please, say goodbye to Miss Cécile and Lloyd and Prince -e9d3-a8b8-e88b-7362c8e9a411 gm-spell">Schneizel for me. 
I was stubborn all the way to the end. 
Don't die, Suzaku! 
You got to live! 
Wh--what the...? 
AND FIRE! 
Huh?! 
What was that?! 
Something just appeared on the radar! 
A stealth system?! 
We've got picture! 
That's...! 
I see. 
So the famous white Knightmare is named Lancelot. 
And he's fighting as recklessly as ever. 
Yes, but this time he seems to be following someone else's plan. 
They sent a single fighter in to try to disrupt the main force. 
Even if he fails, Cornelia can move right in. 
-3dd2-c50a-b640-97f1556cc432 gm-spell">Schneizel! 
Is he behind this idea? 
These people are in my way. 
I thought the Hadron Cannon was still in development! 
They made the beams converge?! 
But I wanted to be the one to perfect that system! 
Hmm... looks like integrating the Gefjun Disturber has worked. 
But that float system is more advanced than mine. 
So my opponent is the Earl of Pudding, I guess. 
We were collaborating inadvertently. 
Oh, how distasteful. 
Kururugi, is the Lancelot still operational? 
Zero... 
I thought so. 
It's Zero?! 
Is that an open channel?! 
Yes! 
Then stay with that source and find out what he's after! 
An energy filler? 
I'm going to take out the enemy command center. 
What will you do? 
What?! 
Sorry, Zero, but you're not going to get your wish -- I'm going to hit them first, my way. 
Resume attack! 
Stop them! 
Stop Kururugi and Zero! 
Zero! 
Shouldn't we be fighting together as comrades?! 
Don't you care about Japan?! 
The Black Knights stand against anyone who uses violence unjustly for their own selfish end. 
Selfish?! 
I'm doing this for Japan! 
-5183-5924-737c-5d61735495c9 gm-spell">Sawasaki! 
If this is for Japan, why did you run away to the Chinese Federation?! 
You should have stayed, for everyone's sake! 
You're still a child! 
A joint operation. 
Gawain...

Lancelot... 
So Suzaku and Lelouch are... 
What?! 
Zero?! 
Yes, he saved Kururugi. 
Fighting on our side? 
What the hell is he thinking? 
So his tactic was to bring the Gawain in alone to get past the -c074-77d7-c403-3d2229b8addb gm-spell">Britannians. 
That was brilliant! 
Maybe, but the -0bc6-25aa-7668-899b03c595a3 gm-spell">Guren Mk-II could have acted as a shield for them. 
It's not like I could go home or back to school at this point. 
After all our battles, to be working with the Lancelot is just--

What's necessary here is not victory. 
The Black Knights' participation in this battle is an undeniable truth. 
Of course, it will never be officially reported, but the rumors will spread, and everyone will know what happened here. 
As Zero said, this will show the world exactly where we stand: protecting the nation is our first commitment. 
What's wrong with going to another country, then waiting for the right moment to strike?! 
That's an effective strategy, isn't it? 
We can set up a new line of defense at Kagoshima. 
Right. 
I appreciate your help. 
Huh? 
Uh?! 
-e22e-e0d4-4c17-762758b9528c gm-spell">Sawasaki! 
That's far enough. 
I--i--impossible! 
They took the largest fortress in all of Kyushu, with hardly any effort! 
The terrorism in the Kyushu block led by an antigovernment group was stopped by Princess Cornelia's sudden attack. 
Atsushi -67f6-2943-c14c-1f1393e9ee39 gm-spell">Sawasaki and four members of the former Japanese government were arrested. 
Over half the Chinese Federation troops were captured as well. 
In response to this incident, Chinese Federation leaders are asserting this was an unauthorized action by Gen. Tsao of the -7efb-0898-d519-91a37cbdfe7f gm-spell">Liaodong district, and they are requesting all P.O.W.s be released in accordance with the Tibet Convention. 
Warrant Officer Kururugi, reporting for duty. 
Welcome back home, Suzaku. 
Uh... uh--! 
Uh... 
I--
Suzaku, I finally understand my heart. 
It's not that I expect an ideal country or perfect justice or anything complicated like that. 
I just want to see people smiling, that's all. 
The smiles of the people I love now and the people I loved before as well. 
Will you help me? 
Will you be my knight? 
I will, Your Highness. 
Now that Sawasaki's been stopped, we have to make our next move quickly!
Also I need to build a place where Nunnally can be happy, and for that, I need to create a nation that can drive a wedge into the world. 
Things are proceeding well towards destruction. 
And when the time comes, I'll deal with Cornelia and Schneizel at the same time! 
Situations evolve -- our desires have no bearing on that. 
Time flows on unaffected by our struggles. 
On this point, Lelouch should be pleased for he possesses true self-determination;
he can change destiny itself by applying the absolute power to compel anyone to obey him: the power of Geass. 




Yes, it is true that the invasion by the Chinese Federation and the terrorism of the Black Knights have disrupted our society.
But that is a completely separate issue! 
The fact remains that you both have been absent from class far too often! 
I don't care how good your grades are or that you're Princess Euphemia's knight! 
If you don't improve, you will repeat this year! 
Sounds like she's still going strong. 
She may carry on all night. 
I'm telling you, -b68c-a953-9452-6f9f992383e2 gm-spell">Zero's our savior! 
Even Elevens can move up in the world! 
Just look at Suzaku Kururugi! 
If it hadn't been for Zero, the Chinese Federation would have conquered Kyushu! 
But it isn't what is said on the news. 
'Cause the -8d12-adee-37c0-d3c8aa61f339 gm-spell">Britannians control the media! 
I don't care as long as there's peace. 
The peace of slavery?! 
That's what Kururugi wants! 
So opinions in the ghettos are split? 
Some are submissive; some are defiant. 
But they'll all be shocked when they find out -144a-b764-f749-e8bc09c1687d gm-spell">Zero's goal is to start an independent nation. 
Yeah right, that's totally crazy! 
We need to be realistic. 
I agree with Zero. 
Well, isn't it true? 
If we stick with him, we might catch a huge lucky break! 
Maybe I'll even get my dream of being a bureaucrat. 
A bureaucrat?! 
Seriously?! 
Hey, even I had a dream once! 
If I hadn't thrown in with the Black Knights, I'd probably be hooked on Refrain by now. 
Refrain might bring back her memory... so I could find out who Zero is. 
But what would I do I knew? 
-0c8d-e7da-e7a5-e544f1cfb55e gm-spell">Ohgi? 
In that other issue, we wanted to ask for instructions, but we haven't been able to reach Zero. 
Then I'll just go ahead as planned. 
I'm telling you, don't -- it's a trap. 
But we need inside sources. 
They also said there's someone there who wants to join us. 
Anyway, tomorrow's the only time we'll be able to use the escape route -2a58-3c31-97ba-3ce65edba7b0 gm-spell">Diethard set up for us. 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for waiting! 
The Ashford Academy school festival, which is the most open event in the Tokyo Settlement, is about to start! 
It will begin at the sound of this voice! 
Are you sure it's all right to do this, Milly? 
Very sure! 
Okay -- MEOW! 
School is really noisy today... 
Welcome, step right up! 
Get your -6148-57a1-50fc-aeafb062b19c gm-spell">Britannian rolls! 
Yes, another one just like this! 
Two! 
See the shocking expose, The Zero Report! 
Don't miss it! 
Photos! 
Photos of Prince Clovis! 
That's what I thought. 
So even -ae3d-0fc7-c8e0-0df76b6d8265 gm-spell">Sawasaki and the others turned out to be useful. 
We've covered all the tasks at hand. 
Yes. 
We gathered all the sector data on the emergency countermeasures that they left behind. 
The press?! 
We've identified the solar panels used in each settlement as well as the energy storage sites. 
Oh, and what about that collaborator issue? 
I've handled most of it myself -- about 72% is complete. 
And -953d-0ee0-86a0-23ee8e538a74 gm-spell">Tohdoh? 
He's drawing up a list of occupation targets -- broadcasting stations and such. 
I need you to check them, including the dummy plans we're sending to Kyoto. 
I understand. 
I'll confirm tomorrow. 
Oh, and I know we're late in reporting this to you, but regarding the operation of the Zero Squad, -463d-7d7b-9fac-9bc841c6a665 gm-spell">Ohgi has--

There's trouble! 
There's huge, huge trouble! 
I'll have to contact you later. 
Hmm? 
Trouble? 
What are you doing goofing off like that?! 
You're the festival chairman! 
But everything is running fine! 
There's no problem. 
Besides, you're taking charge of that part, right? 
It was two meters wide up through last year, then suddenly you declared we had to have a twelve meter pizza. 
Uh-huh. 
Isn't it great? 
It's gonna be the largest one of its kind in the world! 
Just the oven and ingredients are causing an uproar, and now there's a TV crew roaming around campus? 
You know we can't show our faces. 
But we have to document making the pizza! 
You can run things from the control booth, okay? 
President's orders. 
Okay, stop right there! 
-0367-db2c-829b-9b31ef7eff13 gm-spell">Rivalz! 
We're all set on this end! 
Wow, you're in a sunny mood. 
Something good happen? 
Yeah, you could say that! 
Sorry, but an Eleven from the ghetto walking around alone would be--

It's all right. 
If you're afraid that some -c888-bbbf-8813-3a851c93e66a gm-spell">Britannians, ah--

You needn't worry about me so much. 
I'm okay, really. 
Anyway, is this going to help you with your work? 
Yes. 
I can gather data for our development project. 
I understand. 
That's good then. 
What the hell am I doing? 
If I get the chance, I should hand her over to the cops or a hospital. 
No, I can't... 
If they connect me to the Black Knights, it would implicate everyone. 
Even so, I can't just kill her... 
I can't. 
Here we are. 
Is something wrong? 
No, I used to be a school teacher, so I was feeling a little nostalgic. 
Why did you stop teaching? 
My best friend since we were little kids... well, he's since passed on. 
You could say that I'm living out his dream in his place. 
It's kind of a heavy thing for me to carry around. 
Let's go in! 
No! 
I can't go into a -e7f9-b7d5-5b18-71d0d14791e7 gm-spell">Britannian school -- I'm an Eleven! 
That doesn't matter! 
The campus is open today! 
Come on! 
Yeah, in you go, you two! 
What?! 
Hey, I found them first! 
That's a relief. 
I thought you were never going to come back to school. 
It's on purpose?! 
Why didn't you tell anyone... about who I really am? 
You're Kallen Stadtfeld right now, aren't you? 
Not Kallen -c432-0967-a96f-031f824c4339 gm-spell">Kouzuki, right? 
Hmm? 
Are you trying to draw me in by acting friendly? 
On the battlefield, I won't show any mercy, but I want to try to persuade you here. 
I know this is against the rules, but while we're at school, I'd rather try to change your mind here than defeat you in combat later. 
Something's different about you. 
Suzaku, the truck's here. 
The cheese--
You came back. 
Uh... yeah. 
I'm not as sick now, so...

Kallen, what we were talking about has nothing to do with school, okay? 
Yeah, I get it. 
Kallen, if you don't mind, could you go and check in with your class? 
They seemed to be a bit shorthanded. 
Sure, I don't mind. 
I DO MIND!!! 
This thing actually scares them? 
I'm gonna get Lelouch for this! 
He should've told me I had to be part of the horror house. 
-7f4f-7e66-5b50-9d4893fdb99b gm-spell">Hmph! 
The only person I let order me around is Zero! 
Oh great, here comes another couple. 
Why couldn't they make this whole thing mechanical if they've got this dumb screen? 
It's sweltering inside of here! 
It's like those early Glasgows! 
C'-268e-8628-a5df-c81ceb418ab6 gm-spell">mon, move your ass. 
Hurry! 
MOVE YOUR AAAAAAASS!!! 
Ohgi?! 
You're back safe? 
Fortunately, yes. 
School festivals are such fun! 
I feel so free! 
The one she keeps whacking... doesn't he look like Lloyd? 
No great wonder. 
Working under that guy must really drive her out of her mind. 
Right, the pizza's starting later. 
Definitely don't have time to be doing this. 
Yes. 
Oh, the Drama Club? 
I've spoken to the Film Club about it. 
How can I prepare my coup -028c-5b90-f66e-ff625a442e24 gm-spell">d'etat--

I'm sorry! 
The handle just broke in two! 
Soldiers? 
How peaceful the world is. 
Say, aren't you Suzaku's friend? 
Hey, you, boy! 
Where am I supposed to go to eat the biggest pizza in the world? 
Oh, so here you are. 
Good work, getting them here from Area 18 in one night. 
Your forces are impressive, Cornelia. 
You flatter me. 
I'm honored that you deployed your regular troops to fill in for them, -1c0f-a358-7067-94ea794b84f9 gm-spell">Schneizel. 
It was the least I could do. 
The -b2a0-2268-ace4-85f30b5426d5 gm-spell">Glaston Knights who were stand by in the homeland have joined us here. 
And that means... we even have -94ba-1b5d-9547-2085c8c30f37 gm-spell">Sattel -a84d-1794-805e-1cbd5932bdcc gm-spell">Waffes for the -a5b7-9954-f817-4f4b7e132996 gm-spell">Gloucesters. 
I understand. 
And I'm going to play this card in my negotiations with the Chinese Federation. 
Please do. 
What a great honor... being asked for assistance by Princess Cornelia, who is unmatched on the battlefield. 
Please, don't tease me about this... 
But I'm sincere. 
On the field of combat, you shine more beautifully and brightly than any flower or butterfly at a soirée -- yes, like the Flash herself. 
Please, stop saying that. 
You know I'm only--
Now where could -12df-1e17-d22a-763ef100e6b8 gm-spell">Euphy have disappeared to? 
I told her I was coming to see you off. 
I had a long talk with -9374-74a7-4c2e-51ce97a9d492 gm-spell">Euphy last night. 
Last night? 
Yes. 
Ah, and about the other matter -- Bartley's project. 
Oh yes, I really don't mind, but will he actually be of any use to us? 
I'm asking about the biggest pizza in the world. 
I'll bring you some, now wait in your room! 
I don't believe you, because you're a liar. 
I'm not going to deceive you over a pizza! 
The military and the press are here! 
What if they see you?! 
I'll wear a disguise. 
I don't like cold pizza. 
Right now I have a school festival and a coup -31aa-cd6d-cd47-f947cf9c53e4 gm-spell">d'etat to run! 
Why did you come into the school? 
Oh, that's my fault. 
Who are you, anyway? 
You're definitely not an Eleven. 
What's your name? 
This is, ah... She's my...

Kallen! 
Authorized personnel only. 
Could you get them out of here now? 
-bf4b-7ff1-6c07-b2335e678d17 gm-spell">Ohgi?! 
I'm really sorry, but there's something I want to talk to Suzaku about. 
It's all right, Your Highness. 
-efea-bfa2-25bd-63744a770e71 gm-spell">Euphy, I think this is a wonderful idea you've come up with. 
Really?! 
Then?! 
You should follow the path you believe in with all your heart. 
I'll discuss it with Cornelia so that she understands. 
Suzaku, my brother approved my idea. 
Now we can--
I'm so sorry! 
Are you all right? 
I'm fine. 
Are you okay? 
Huh? 
Nunnally?! 
Huh? 
That voice, is it you? 
He's seen -b630-378a-07bb-204694d357de gm-spell">Ohgi now... 
This is bad! 
If they see me here with C.C. then...

A propane tank for the burner? 
I'm sure the spare ones are here, maybe in back. 
Kallen? 
Oh... hello, what's up? 
Are there any spare fuel tanks in the back there? 
-e921-8ebf-6e69-f4e8deb4f2db gm-spell">Rivalz needs one for the pizza. 
Uh, maybe they're over on the other side. 
Oh, okay. 
Can this get any more annoying...?! 
You can use your Geass, can't you? 
It'd be dangerous to use it on -7edb-7f86-8033-bb02d0b6a189 gm-spell">Ohgi and whoever that is with him, and I've already used it on everyone else here. 
Well it's your own fault then. 
You shouldn't use it so freely. 
Your comments are not helping! 
Is that Lelouch? 
Are you here? 
There's something important I want to ask you about. 
Find a way to get out of here fast...! 
Shirley, can it wait? 
I'm going to create a diversion -- use it to get away! 
What're you talking about?! 
You're never around in the first place! 
-a0ad-f0ff-72f0-978eb59fab63 gm-spell">Aaagh! 
Huh? 
The panels are falling! 
Run away! 
Don't just stand there! 
Watch out! 
Uh... 
I... thank you. 
I'm just glad you're okay. 
But where'd all this smoke come from? 
It must be for detecting gas leaks. 
It looks like the valve was knocked loose. 
Never mind that. 
Can someone help me, please? 
I'm in a little pain here. 
What's the matter? 
My ankle... it's a very familiar feeling. 
Sorry you got caught in that weirdness back there. 
No, it was actually sort of fun! 
I haven't felt this excited in a long time. 
I think it's better you move out of Area 11 now. 
Whoever shot you wouldn't come after you. 
You should be safe. 
You know, -ab4b-5396-dba8-a3c1e1cd812b gm-spell">Ohgi... 
I wonder if the person I used to be was as happy as I am now. 
So...
Can you tell me what you were going to say... when we were back there at the school? 
You started with "She's my..." She's my what? 
Well... you see... 
I really don't think I'd mind becoming an Eleven. 
Will you keep our secret? 
I mean, about Lelouch and I being here? 
But if you just stay like this...

All I want to is to be with my brother; that's all that matters. 
Do you remember that time you and I got into a great big argument? 
On which of us was going to marry Lelouch when we grew up? 
Yes, I do! 
We put Lelouch on the spot by making him decide right then and there! 
So, how about now? 
Huh? 
Do you still love him, even to this day? 
All right! 
Any moment! 
We are about being the historic task of the making of the world's largest pizza! 
Please note that this contraption at my feet is an oven specially built just for this occasion -- a fabulous waste of money! 
Yes, I understand, Shirley. 
I promise I'll make time for you. 
Right now just send Group B to the stage to help. 
Right. 
This feels so easy. 
If I make a mistake here, no one's life is on the line. 
Not bad! 
Got everything on schedule, huh? 
I've learned to manage people lately. 
Still, they seem so optimistic, don't they? 
The Chinese Federation attacked just the other day, but look at everyone. 
That's why we need this. 
-def1-3862-52d5-c5446f2ddf44 gm-spell">Hm? 
-def1-3862-52d5-c5446f2ddf44 gm-spell">Festivals are necessary... for everyone, all the time. 
You still need to learn a bit more. 
Okay, lesson learned. 
Lelouch! 
Nunnally, how's the pizza--
Sorry, I need a second! 
Call me if something happens! 
Huh? 
It looks like the ingredients are all prepared! 
Now, introducing our special dough tosser: the Ashford family Ganymede! 
Yes, it's a bit of an antique, however, at the controls is the student council's special member and Princess Euphemia's personal knight, SUZAKU KURURUGI!! 
Listen... is that because of... 
Yes. 
There are lots of Elevens who came here today. 
It's an open festival after all, and this is Suzaku's school. 
So they came to see him? 
Yes. 
Suzaku is like a ray of hope for many Elevens. 
They revere him. 
I see. 
Ganymede, a third-generation Knightmare. 
The type used by Lady Marianne the Flash, isn't that correct? 
It's just a fundamental frame. 
A big puppet for events like this. 
An unorthodox design dropped for the next generation of -2786-0451-64f6-cb329796b87a gm-spell">Knightmares due to Lady Marianne's death. 
I'm guessing that's the real reason you want to marry me. 
So now you get it. 
He has no attraction whatsoever to the opposite sex. 
Well... 
I get the general idea, anyway. 
And again! 
Can he -d117-eae5-6b85-f1fc530d3617 gm-spell">get it any larger, folks?! 
C'-2de3-754f-7dbb-e423018a8a60 gm-spell">mon, Sir Suzaku! 
We've got high hopes for you! 
Last year, it was my turn to do it, but I can't compare to a real pro. 
This is a day of sweet surprises. 
To think you and Nunnally were so close all this time, and that you and Suzaku are friends as well. 
What is that guy doing? 
This is no time to be hitting on some pretty girl! 
I never want to see people unhappy ever again. 
Remember, we can't meet after this. 
That's not true. 
I've found a solution for everything. 
Lelouch! 
Is that Princess Euphemia?! 
Princess Euphemia?! 
What's up? 
Over there. 
It's her! 
Princess Euphemia! 
Princess Euphemia?! 
Lelouch! 
Take Nunnally away! 
Sorry to leave you alone at a time like this! 
That's right! 
The sub-viceroy is near the main entrance! 
I copy! 
I'll send in the backup team! 
Camera! 
Get a link to the studio, quick! 
All right! 
Princess Euphemia's here! 
No way! 
Why?! 
Where-- where is she?! 
Everyone, stop! 
Don't run! 
Please don't panic! 
Pizza... 
Guess we should've left this to the pros. 
What do you think? 
I'm afraid I'm just gonna have to give up on this one... and some other things. 
Everyone, stop this at once! 
Do you realize who this is?! 
This is the sub-viceroy, the third Imperial princess! 
Thanks for your help! 
We'll take over from here. 
Stand back of--

H.I. 
TV! 
A comment! 
Just one word, please! 
Princess Euphemia, it's me, Nina! 
I'II get you out of here... 
This is getting tight! 
Please excuse me! 
No, don't! 
You don't say? 
Already? 
You've escaped on your own? 
I'd say that's excellent, Deputy Commander. 
We'll stay right here. 
Right. 
Looks like we wasted the equipment space inside the news van. 
There's no need for the captain of the Zero Squad to escape now either. 
I'd like you to continue to stay under cover here in the settlement. 
I'll introduce you to Zero later on. 
I understand. 
Oh, wow...

Princess Euphemia, you're not hurt, are you?! 
I'm fine! 
Thank you, Suzaku! 
Are you okay, Nunnally? 
Yes. 
How about Euphemia? 
She's all right. 
Suzaku's taking care of her. 
I see...
Lelouch, guess what? 
-2722-4caf-2138-51f1547e6f8b gm-spell">Euphy said that she and Suzaku are becoming very close now. 
They make a nice couple, don't you agree? 
Nunnally, you... 
Thank heavens, they're all right! 
Princess Euphemia, down here! 
Can I get a statement, please?! 
Could you please network this broadcast nationwide? 
Huh? 
-ad60-0ee5-d26c-da23f3ab15ed gm-spell">You mean go live now? 
-d5ab-2a0c-7b0c-e306c52cf911 gm-spell">Euphy? 
I have a very important announcement! 
Hmm? 
Your Highness! 
It's Princess Euphemia! 
What's she doing now? 
And we go to our special live coverage. 
I am Euphemia, sub-viceroy of Area 11 of the Holy -2fca-b25e-0b1a-fbd1279c0504 gm-spell">Britannian Empire. 
There is something of great consequence that I wish to tell you all today! 
Now what? 
This little girl makes such a fuss. 
I, Euphemia li Britannia, hereby declare the formation of the Specially Administrated Zone of Japan in the area surrounding Mt. 
Fuji! 
What?! 
Britannia has--?! 
They're recognizing... 
Japan?! 
Dammit! 
I never thought of this game! 
Even though it's only a limited area! 
Within the Specially Administrated Zone of Japan, Elevens will be permitted to call themselves Japanese. 
Restrictions against Elevens and special rights for -e5c9-8c2a-2606-238ccd376a8a gm-spell">Britannians will no longer exist within this zone. 
It will be a place where Elevens and -e288-43de-1478-5777a9d7ee9c gm-spell">Britannians live side-by-side as equals! 
Stop this, -21a8-6b4d-dc18-a76e7ade3468 gm-spell">Euphy! 
I already thought through every detail of that scenario! 
It's nothing but an empty dream! 
Do you hear me, Zero? 
I don't care about your past nor who you are underneath that mask! 
I beg of you! 
Join us in creating the special zone of freedom! 
Join Zero? 
No way! 
Just think about Prince Clovis! 
WHAT IS SHE DOING?! 
Zero, help me build a new future within Britannia! 
A place for everyone! 
Long live Princess Euphemia! 
The Japanese Zone? 
Why's she doing that now? 
That's pretty obvious. 
She's in love with an Eleven. 
I'm finished! 
Either way I go, the Black Knights will break apart over this! 
The reason we exist has vanished! 
How could this have happened so easily?! 
You think you can just take it all from me like this?! 
Even if it is a place where we can be ourselves?! 
You know nothing... You understand nothing! 
I am the terrorist who hides his face, and you...

Lelouch! 
Now we can be like before! 
No, the past is dead and gone... Euphemia! 
The Specially Administrated Zone of Japan. 
If I cooperate, I give up the right to use force; oppose it, and the people will become my enemies, and the Black Knights collapse. 
Euphemia, the third princess who innocently holds good intentions like a sword! 
For Nunnally and me, your very existence has become a crime! 
About the Specially Administrated Zone of Japan, there are some unpleasant rumors about Princess Euphemia. 
It must be due to the Kamine Island matter. 
You think she contacted Zero there? 
I suspect there's a connection here that goes all the way to the top. 
No connection -- the viceroy wasn't the only one asking what was going on. 
But in any case, our connections with them need to be--

Hmm, right, we'll have to sever ties with them at once. 
I'm afraid it's too late. 
All the evidence has already been gathered, Vice-Minister -- namely that N.A.C. 
profit-sharing bribe. 
I appreciate this, Gen. Darlton. 
With this-- with this, we can finally sweep away the parasites who were sucking Prince Clovis dry. 
There are more rats than expected...
And all of them are confused by Princess Euphemia's proposed special zone, aren't they? 
Over two hundred thousand people have applied to join the Japan Special Zone. 
The way things look, that number's only going to grow. 
Thanks to you, Suzaku. 
Huh? 
Because of what you represent to the Japanese people, everyone is rallying. 
They believe in what we're doing here. 
No, you're giving me too much credit. 
It must be due to your proclamation, Princess. 
I'm truly thankful for this. 
I really am. 
Just as I'm thankful to you. 
And I hope you're going to help me with everything that's still to come. 
Yes, Your--

Not like that. 
Yes. 
STAGE 22: BLOODSTAINED EUPHY



The Specially Administrated Zone of Japan is the first attempt of its kind in Britannia, and was personally proposed by Her Highness Princess Euphemia. 
This youthful inspiration was an idea from her school years. 
It has not only caught the homeland's attention--

If Princess Euphemia thinks it's a good idea, then even I have to--

The N.A.C., led by Kirihara Industries, gives its wholehearted support to the plan. 
Euphy really is amazing, isn't she? 
Now the terrorist groups in Area 11 will lose their popular support and fall apart. 
Public order will be stabilized. 
I personally oppose this. 
But since you understand the situation, you've sent Darlton to advise her, have you not? 
To ensure public policy stays on track -- it's a measure that a viceroy would obviously take. 
Hmm...
Did you approve her future plans as the viceroy or as her older sister? 
The Japan Special Zone doesn't sound that bad. 
A shadow of Japan that's given to us out of pity is worthless! 
We were granted this concession by the Britannians as a result of our resistance efforts; it's nothing to be ashamed of. 
Lord Kirihara! 
I heard a rumor that you'll be given a favored position in the Special Zone in exchange for the Sakuradite mining rights! 
Don't be suspicious; it's merely a request to join the ceremony. 
That's a clever excuse. 
How dare you... 
Zero... what about him and all the Black Knights? 
The situation's serious; it's not only supporters. 
Some of the members within our own ranks have already applied to join the Special Zone. 
Unlike the Black Knights, there's no risk involved in signing up for the Japan Special Zone. 
Besides, when you compare the pedigreed princess with the mysterious, unknown man behind the mask, it's obvious which one exudes more appeal. 
There's a rumor that Kyoto's cooperating with them too. 
What's up with that?! 
They're offering equality -- that's why. 
Equality my ass! 
Don't just accept their word for it! 
I agree. 
But unless we decide how to respond to this quickly...

You want to apply to the Special Zone? 
Because there it won't make any difference who's a Britannian and who's an Eleven. 
Listen, if it works like Euphemia's proposal, then it wouldn't be wrong for the Black Knights to support this, right? 
Yeah, sure, like Britannians will ever honor a promise! 
I think we should support the Zone. 
It doesn't contradict what Zero's said, does it? 
But, Ohgi, that's--

First off, if we accept peace on their terms we'll be forced to disarm. 
That is a problem, isn't it? 
We will also get swallowed up in their regime and lose our independence. 
On the other hand, if we don't support it, then we're against equality and freedom. 
Then let's support it! 
What, without any guarantees in place? 
But we can't ignore it, either! 
Sorry about having you drop me off like this. 
Hey, you helped me go shopping after all. 
Besides, I heard you were gonna meet up with Shirley. 
She might need me to go shopping too. 
Britannians shouldn't be worried just because of the Special Zone starting up. 
Oh yeah, I think you're right about that. 
Anyway, you'd better make up with Shirley pretty soon, buddy! 
I don't care about your "Special Zone!" 
I don't care about "support!" 
I'd sooner die than sign that! 
It's a nobleman -- a shining example of class. 
You think you're equal to us now?! 
The lower classes should simply obey their betters without any back-talk! 
There it is -- that's the true nature of the sub-viceroy's "benevolence." 
What do you want? 
Doesn't it feel good to look down from above? 
It is rather like being a god. 
Hold it, schoolboy. 
Just back off. 
I think you should go home right now. 
Yeah, okay, I will. 
Well, I'd better get going. 
Huh?! 
What did you say to him?! 
Come back here at once! 
What's wrong, you Sir Nobleman? 
Confusing borrowed power with your own ability is a big mistake, you know. 
Garbage like you should simply die and be thrown out where no o--

Alright already, let's break this up. 
Mister, why don't you apologize? 
What do you say? 
Apologize?! 
You insolent whelp--

Go away! 
Hmph! 
Um... thank you very much. 
It was nothing. 
He came to the aid of that Eleven even though he's Zero, or because he's Zero? 
So why would he have been talking to Princess Euphemia? 
Stop it... 
If I dig too deep, it'll be dangerous. 
The N.A.C., or rather, Kyoto, as it's known among the terrorists. 
Tomorrow, after the ceremony, why don't you dissolve your group and leave Mt. 
Fuji? 
We can talk about a legal agreement If you hand over the mining operation to us peacefully. 
Of course, that will mean the end of your support to the Black Knights. 
Whether Zero comes tomorrow or not doesn't matter. 
With this, that man's downfall is assured. 
I'm back. 
Hello, Lelouch. 
Welcome home. 
Oh, where's Shirley? 
I'm sorry, Nunnally. 
She never showed up. 
I wasn't able to get a hold of her either. 
More of her getting back at you, huh? 
Well, you have seemed sort of chilly toward her. 
You think so? 
Then I'll be nicer. 
Um, Sayoko, would you bring us some tea, please? 
Yes, as you wish, My Lord. 
I get the feeling you're worried about something, Lelouch... 
Does it involve Euphy? 
It'd be selfish to say that I want to see her again. 
I'd like to, I admit it, but that would simply cause trouble for you both. 
You like Euphy, don't you? 
Yes, very much -- the same way you like her. 
Yeah... 
I did like her. 
We're bringing you live coverage from the stadium where the inaugural ceremony will be held for the Specially Administrated Zone of Japan. 
The place is already packed full with Elevens-- sorry, I mean with Japanese. 
And those unable to get in are gathered outside the stadium. 
Lesley, you think Zero will show up here? 
No -- and we've heard nothing about it at this time. 
Will even Zero show up? 
I seriously doubt it. 
What do you think? 
If the data we have on the man is accurate, then I don't believe he will, either. 
Princess Euphemia, it's time. 
Right. 
Huh? 
Zero. 
It's Zero! 
Zero's here! 
Oh, he came after all! 
You accept that you've lost? 
What are you doing...? 
I thought I would have to carry your identity with me to the grave. 
If people discover that Zero is a Britannian prince, it's all over. 
They'll mistake this for a farce planned by the empire. 
That will even cause the Specially Administrated Zone to fall apart. 
Your target is Zero. 
If he makes any suspicious moves, kill him at once! 
Yes, My Lord! 
Zero, welcome to the Specially Administrated Zone! 
Greetings, Euphemia li Britannia! 
I wish to request an audience with you. 
Just with me? 
Yes, with you alone. 
Something major has happened here, ladies and gentlemen! 
Zero has just appeared in the open! 
Under Princess Euphemia's direction, he is moving toward the G1. 
I'm afraid something is going to happen. 
We should've gone there like I thought. 
What for? 
It's not as if we had a choice in the matter; everyone said that if Lancelot was there waiting, Zero wouldn't show. 
It appears to be safe, Your Highness. 
Then this way, please. 
Princess Euphemia, it's too dangerous to be alone with this man. 
As your knight, I request you allow me to accompany you to safety. 
No, it's all right. 
Please, just trust me, Suzaku. 
C'mon, how long are we supposed to hang around here? 
What, it's enough for you that Zero instructed us to wait here? 
Yeah, whatever...

Well first of all, we have to confirm the empire's true intentions. 
Deputy Commander? 
Uh... yes? 
Zero knows their real intentions -- isn't that why he told us to hide and wait in all four directions? 
A risky assumption. 
He's even got Diethard and Rakshata standing by. 
Zero is probably planning to assassinate Euphemia... 
Even though the cameras are off, you're still being extremely careful, aren't you? 
I've been in hiding for a long time due to a certain empire, I'm afraid. 
This is a needle gun made from ceramic and bamboo. 
It can't be picked up on a metal detector. 
Lelouch... you would never shoot me, would you? 
No, I would never do that -- you'll be doing the shooting, Euphy. 
Huh? 
Is this really all right, leaving her alone with Zero? 
But she ordered us to. 
Well, she can always press the emergency call button. 
Hm? 
Is there something wrong? 
Why are you here? 
What are you doing with Zero? 
It looks like he can see me. 
Is that because of our indirect contact and what occurred at Kamine Island? 
Or is it because he-- But if that's the case, then... 
This ceremony is being broadcast globally, and the world is going to witness you, a Britannian princess, shoot Zero. 
What do you think will happen next? 
Rioting would break out, I imagine. 
Right, Zero will become a martyr, tricked into a deathtrap, and instantly your popularity will crash to Earth. 
What kind of nonsense are you saying? 
You should just help me rebuild Japan! 
If you force it upon us from on high, then you're as bad as Clovis was! 
All tasks at hand have been cleared. 
After hovering near death, Zero will be met with cheers when he makes a miraculous recovery. 
Because people don't give a damn about reason, but nobody can resist miracles. 
Now -- take the gun. 
Huh? 
There can be only one Messiah, you understand, and when the people realize that you're a false one, they'll--


I-- I thought so! 
I need to know one thing! 
Are you the--
No... he's reached that point...? 
Hey, what's wrong? 
Maj. Kururugi! 
Why, you! 
What have you done to him?! 
Lelouch! 
Stop it! 
Stop giving me your pity! 
Spare me your charity! 
This is something I have to achieve on my own! 
And so for that, I shall now stain your hands with blood, Euphemia li Britannia! 
That isn't my name; I've renounced it! 
There'll probably be a formal announcement issued by the homeland about it any day now, but I've given up my claim to the throne! 
But why...? 
It isn't because you accepted Zero, is it? 
Well of course, I have to pay the price for doing something so selfish; those are the consequences. 
Yes, but it wasn't difficult for you to give that up, was it? 
And I suppose you did it for my sake. 
As conceited as you ever were, but no, I did it for Nunnally. 
She told me herself: "All I want is to be with my brother, and that's all that matters. 
I want nothing more." 
For that petty reason? 
That's right, Lelouch! 
That's how I made up my mind. 
It made me stop and seriously reflect on what was truly important to me in life. 
Do you understand now? 
I'm not giving up anything that has significant meaning or real worth to me. 
And you don't need to worry. 
I won't tell anyone about you. 
And Cornelia? 
It's not like we'll never see each other again. 
Euphy, you are a fool, an amazing fool. 
I know I'm not as smart as you, Lelouch; I've never been able to beat you at games or studies, however--

However... and in your usual rash Euphy fashion, you've managed to end up winning all of it. 
When I think of you, I don't visualize the sub-viceroy or a princess; I only see the plain little Euphy who you used to be. 
Then will you join plain little Euphy and help her? 
You are... you are the worst opponent I have ever faced. 
You win. 
Huh? 
I'll amend my plans to help out your Special Zone. 
But not as your subordinate, all right? 
All right! 
Though you haven't got very much faith in me, have you? 
Hmm? 
Did you honestly believe that by simply threatening me I would shoot you? 
Oh, no, you've got it all wrong. 
When I really want people to follow my orders, they will not resist me -- whether it's to shoot me, to grant pardon to Suzaku, or any order at all. 
Oh, now you're being silly. 
Stop playing with me. 
I'm serious. 
For example, if told you to kill all the Japanese, it wouldn't matter how you felt about it. 
No... don't make me do it, please! 
I'm not--
I'm not going to do it, please...! 
I don't wanna kill them! 
No...

Did I--?! 
You're right. 
I have to kill all the Japanese. 
I've become like Mao! 
-- I can't control my Geass power! 
Forget the order I just gave you! 
Euphy! 
Wait, Euphy, don't! 
Right, I've reached an agreement with the Chinese Federation, therefore I should be returning to the homeland today. 
Should we keep the experimental subject here then, Your Highness? 
Yes. 
How intelligent is he? 
Our resources are rather limited in Area 11. 
I see. 
We should ask the Rosenberg Institute about that. 
Very well, I'll arrange with them for you to send over the experimental subject. 
Understood. 
Then what do we do with the ruins on Kamine Island? 
We have to wait to do anything until the security situation in Area 11 has been stabilized. 
We can thank the Specially Administrated Zone for that. 
Owing to Euphemia, everything is going to work out perfectly. 
Sub-Viceroy, where's Zero?! 
Those of you who call yourselves Japanese, I have a favor to ask. 
Could you all die, please? 
What did she just say? 
What the hell...? 
Suzaku! 
He's only unconscious. 
But why? 
Umm... 
I was hoping you'd all just commit suicide, but you can't, can you? 
Okay, soldiers, please kill the Japanese! 
Kill them all! 
The woman's mad! 
Cut the mics and cameras now! 
Euphy, no! 
Halt! 
Out of my way! 
Terrorist! 
Stand aside! 
Go on, soldiers. 
Do your duty! 
Hurry up! 
Princess Euphemia! 
What on Earth's come over you?! 
Please stop this at once, Your Highness, this is--

General! 
Forgive me, General, but I mustn't let anyone stand in my way. 
I have to kill all the Japanese. 
Now Britannians, kill the Japanese! 
Kill the Elevens! 
All troops, exterminate the Elevens! 
Don't let any escape! 
Kill them all! 
Stop! 
What are you doing?! 
All forces, this is Suzaku Kururugi, Knight of Honor of Britannia! 
Cease fire at once! 
We've been ordered to kill all the Japanese here. 
Princess Euphemia issued the command herself. 
What, Princess Euphemia did? 
No, that's absurd! 
You're Japanese, aren't you? 
What's going on?! 
What happened in there?! 
It can't be. 
What does the TV say? 
EUPHY, STOP!!! 
This thing... my Geass did this?! 
Z--Zero... 
Please help us... You must help... You're Japan's savior...

Stop it...
Don't call me your savior... because I'm not the Messiah of Japan! 
Zero, you're-- you're our only hope...

Stop it...
Don't-- don't force me...
Must I atone for this sin? 
Is this a cross I have to bear too?! 
Zero... you son of a bitch! 
What did you do to Princess Euphemia? 
Tell me! 
Andreas Darlton... the closest of Cornelia's inner circle advisors. 
Tamaki, what's happening inside the stadium?! 
We're trying to figure that out! 
We're getting a feed from the stadium now. 
It appears--

Why can't you cut it off?! 
We're not transmitting this! 
It's someone else! 
Stop it! 
It's going out live to the entire world! 
They will cut off the broadcast any minute now. 
Let's upload the data to the Net. 
You heard him. 
Right. 
Sir! 
C.C. has made contact with the Supreme Commander! 
Perfect. 
That clears up our problem then. 
I have no idea how you arranged this situation, but your scheme is gone well beyond what I had expected. 
I'm shocked. 
I didn't think you'd go this far. 
It wasn't me...

What? 
This time I didn't use the power -- or I should say I didn't mean to use my Geass... 
I see. 
Then what I felt before was--

I knew there were risks when we made our contract. 
You told me how dangerous this power could be...! 
Nonetheless! 
Yes, you're worthy of being called my child now! 
Wh--what madness is this...?! 
Princess Cornelia, wait! 
Don't follow me unless you want to come along! 
Euphy! 
Have you located her yet?! 
Where is she?! 
I don't know! 
We haven't been able to contact Gen. Darlton, either! 
Something's dreadfully wrong. 
Euphemia would never do such a thing. 
I wish there was room to negotiate here. 
We can't be connected to Kirihara now! 
We need to save ourselves first. 
Yes, and the "souvenir" -- is it ready? 
How pathetic... 
Your survival is all that counts in all of this? 
My Lady, you really shouldn't speak like that. 
We need to survive for the sake of Japan as well. 
But then what's the point if we're all that's left?! 
Watch your tongue, Kaguya! 
You just go with family rank! 
What purpose is having Kyoto if we don't act now?! 
I can't believe Euphy would order the slaughter of all those innocent people! 
I've got to find her, no matter what! 
Hey, the Britannian forces have begun moving out of the stadium! 
Right. 
In this case, our only option is to exploit Euphemia to the utmost. 
It's the least we can do... 
Attention, Zero! 
Return that unit! 
It's property of our military--

This is my order to all Black Knights! 
Euphemia has become our enemy! 
The Specially Administrated Zone of Japan is a cowardly trap designed to lure us in! 
All armored autonomous battle knight units, advance on the ceremony grounds and wage an attack! 
Wipe out all Britannian forces! 
Save the Japanese! 
Hurry! 
I have to-- I must find Euphy! 
Find her and kill her! 
Who was the one responsible for creating this situation? 
Who is the one that bears the sin for this grotesque tragedy?! 
Who is the one craving for this battle? 
And who is the one who possesses the world? 
Yes, I understand, but even so... even so, I...! 
Suzaku: 
Euphemia: 
Tohdoh: 
Diethard: 
Rakshata: 
Minami:
Tamaki:
Sugiyama:
Kallen: 
Asahina:
Ohgi: 
Viletta: 
Lelouch: 
Rivalz: 
Shirley: 
Darlton:
Nunnally: 
Sayoko: 
C.C.:

Nina:
Bartley:
Vice Minister of Domestic Affairs:
Emperor of Britannia:
Schneizel:
Cornelia:
Gilbert:
Lloyd:
Cécile:
Kirihara:
Kaguya:

  I, Euphemia li Britannia, bid all of you within the sound of my voice to heed the following command:
Seek out any Japanese you can find, and please kill them! 
Leave not a single one of them alive! 
STAGE 23: AT LEAST WITH SORROW



Euphemia has betrayed us here! 
All units, descend upon the stadium! 
Grind the Britannians to dust! 
Damn you, Euphemia! 
You deceived us! 
DAMN ELEVENS! 
Now I see. 
You were planning this all along! 
The Black Knights! 
Crush the Britannians! 
Euphy! 
Euphy, where are you?! 
Get away from me! 
I don't have time to waste on you! 
Oh my! 
This is turning into a mess. 
How dare you... trampling over the hopes of our people! 
Euphemia! 
Stop it! 
Are you Japanese? 
You dare raise a hand against Euphemia li Britannia? 
Huh? 
Ah-ha, so there you are... you ridiculous royal puppet. 
Oh, you were on that island, weren't you? 
Yeah! 
Now suffer the hand of vengeance and--

Wait! 
I'll deal with her. 
You defiant Japanese! 
Now what, Zero? 
Do we take her prisoner? 
There's no point. 
Leave her. 
I have to kill them all! 
These Japanese people -- they have to die! 
It jammed up... 
I have to... hurry! 
I think it goes in here. 
Oh, I thought you were one of them. 
So, I was thinking, we could run the Specially Administrated Zone of Japan together. 
Oh, wait... Japan? 
Yes. 
I would've like that. 
You and I together...

Euphy...

Lelouch... why? 
Farewell, Euphy. 
You may have been the first girl I ever loved. 
NOOOOOOO! 
Suzaku! 
Why now, of all times?! 
I'm no match for that Hadron Cannon! 
I will never allow you to kill Lelouch! 
Suzaku! 
GET OUT OF MY WAY!!! 
Arrg, damn it! 
Please! 
You have to save Euphy! 
Do something! 
You mustn't let her die! 
You still haven't made contact with Darlton?! 
No, Your Highness. 
There was a report he'd been injured, but nothing beyond that. 
Viceroy, emergency message from the Avalon. 
From the Avalon? 
Yes. 
The Special Zone at Fuji has fallen to the Black Knights. 
What was that?! 
They're moving to intercept our forces. 
Also... Princess Euphemia... 
"Equality?!" 
You can shove that straight up your administrated ass! 
You lured us into a death trap! 
You just made the biggest mistake in your lives! 
You got that?! 
That's right! 
Don't screw with the Japanese! 
Lucked out, didn't we? 
I can't believe they left all these footage and equipment behind. 
Yes. 
Once we're done editing, we can throw it on the Net for the entire world to see. 
It's pretty clear which side justice is on. 
How curious. 
You don't feel any loyalty toward Britannia, do you? 
Loyalty? 
Mmm-hmm. 
Britannia's glory has ripened on the vine; my talents are wasted serving them. 
You're more of an honest man than I thought you were. 
And what will you do now? 
Hard to say. 
The only reason I came here was to gather data. 
But I'd feel bad abandoning you all, and I find Zero so... amusing. 
How wonderful to finally meet you! 
This girl -- she's a relative of Suzaku's. 
Zero, are you prepared to walk beside us in what's to come? 
The opposite! 
From this point on, the Six Houses of Kyoto will be under my control! 
I won't hear any objections! 
All other paths of survival for you... have now vanished! 
We should inform Viceroy Cornelia. 
Don't worry, I'll be taking care of that. 
Will she last until we reach the bureau? 
I'm afraid not. 
I'll contact Prince Schneizel then. 
Excuse me. 
Suzaku...

Euphy! 
Euphy... 
I have to know -- why did you issue that order at the stadium? 
Order...? 
What are you talking about? 
Never mind that... Suzaku... you're Japanese, aren't you? 
Yeah? 
Euphy! 
No! 
I mustn't--
I--I can't even think such a thing! 
No, please...! 
Suzaku? 
Yes, Euphy? 
The ceremony... did it go all right? 
Is Japan okay...? 
Euphy... don't you remember? 
People of Japan and all who are oppressed by the empire of Britannia! 
Long have I waited, all through the struggles against Britannia's injustices, I've waited for them to come to their senses! 
But that hope was betrayed, by an act of barbarism that can only be called a genocide! 
How about everyone that was there? 
Are the Japanese happy? 
Never forgive Euphemia! 
She's a murderer! 
She's a filthy witch! 
Liar! 
Euphemia is the symbol of Britannia's hypocrisy -- a murderer cloaked in the flag of a nation! 
How was the ceremony...? 
Do you think I did... okay? 
I hope that bitch burns in hell! 
We're finished with your lie! 
Death to them all! 
Euphy... the Special Zone is... a great success! 
The Japanese people were given back their home... and you did it! 
Oh, thank God... 
I hereby declare our independence from Britannia! 
But don't take this to mean the resurrection of your fallen nation! 
We will not turn back the hands of time! 
The new Japan we go on to build shall be one broad enough to accept all peoples, histories, and ideologies where the strong shall not reign over the weak! 
And it shall be called... 
THE UNITED STATES OF JAPAN! 
He's done it! 
This is the birth of a nation! 
How strange... 
I can't see... your face anymore...
Keep going... to school... 
I had to stop... before I-- before I had the chance to finish...

Euphy, you can still go yourself! 
I know! 
Why don't we go to Ashford Academy together? 
The student council is so much fun! 
Euphy...! 
You have to do it... for me... 'kay? 
Please, Euphy! 
No, don't go! 
Suzaku... 
I'm so happy... that we... 
Zero! 
Zero! 
Zero! 
Zero! 
Dear God...



Area Fukushima, Byakko Squad, en route to lbaraki. 
Area Tama, continuing with barricade construction. 
Area Hamamatsu--

You plan to assault the Tokyo Settlement? 
Yes. 
This is the best chance we'll get. 
Don't worry about it -- your Geass has no effect on me. 
You know that, don't you? 
That's true, isn't it? 
Hmph, with my Geass out of control now, I can never see anyone. 
Yes, Nunnally? 
Hi Lelouch. 
I was wondering, um... do you suppose I could talk to Euphy again? 
I was thinking that the three of us could go to the school festival together. 
You see, Milly said they were organizing another one since everything got all messed up the other day. 
So I was hoping that we could go to the new one together too. 
Oh, I'm sorry... 
I know you don't want us meeting ever again. 
But I thought maybe, if there was some way you and I could maybe see her just one last time...

Nunnally, haven't you heard the news? 
Oh, well, the radio cut off mid-broadcast earlier. 
Why do you ask? 
Did something happen? 
Of course not. 
Everything is just fine. 
Sorry. 
I'll be home by tomorrow. 
We'll discuss it when I'm back. 
Right. 
All right, so you can't switch off your Geass -- are there any changes you've noticed? 
Not really. 
It's just... Euphy... she tried to resist the Geass... and my orders... 
I was wondering if my power had weakened... but I think... 
I think such a malignant command was simply against her nature. 
And so? 
I guess that's all. 
It was something...

We have our contract. 
I promised to stay with you... to the very end. 
We weren't fast enough! 
We may have managed to keep the news off the Net, but there's insurrections all over the map! 
That's correct! 
The Black Knights are the largest of the insurgent groups. 
They are now absorbing all of the masses and advancing on the Tokyo Settlement! 
All our units are in play right now. 
We're completely on our own! 
Yes, and with so many honorary Britannians turning on us, our enemies number in the tens of thousands! 
Lord Guilford! 
Forget it! 
We cannot move without Her Highness' word! 
But sir! 
The viceroy's been shut up in Princess Euphemia's room ever since she canceled the attack orders! 
And we still can't confirm Gen. Darlton's whereabouts. 
Everyone in Toyama Squad is at your disposal. 
Roger that. 
Any weaponry? 
Some explosives from Gokayama. 
But we don't have enough vehicles. 
Can any of us ride with you? 
The best we can offer are freight trains. 
That okay? 
Looks like the groups from Yamanashi joined up with us. 
Yeah, and the remnants of the Blood of the Samurai faction too. 
Our numbers are growing by the minute! 
I hope everyone in the student council can get away. 
On the contrary, for the first time in a while I'm glad. 
Yes... 
I forgot the art of kindness ages ago, Marianne. 
I hope you're all right, Kaname. 
You're working in Shizuoka now, right? 
Yeah, I'm fine over here. 
Look, Chigusa, we need to talk about something important when I get back. 
Hm? 
What's wrong? 
Well, that's the first time you've called me by that name. 
Oh, you're right. 
Does it sound weird? 
Not a bit! 
Anyway, I'll be here. 
There she is -- that Brit woman! 
Watch us from your window, huh?! 
Admit it -- you're some sort of spy! 
As the insurgents draw closer, security in the ghettos continues to worsen. 
The government is asking all citizens to stay in their homes until further notice. 
Do you think the fighting will come our way as well? 
O--of course not! 
Princess Cornelia has her regular forces stationed here. 
There's no way! 
I hope so...

Geez, back up, will you? 
You're scaring me. 
Nunnally, what about Lelouch? 
Is he back here yet? 
Lelouch? 
Is something the matter? 
No, not really...

Man, I wish you'd go back to calling him Lulu. 
It's time you two made up. 
Lulu? 
What, you mean I called him that? 
Oh, there you go again. 
Lulu...

Nina, they want us upstairs in school! 
The insurgents are headed toward Tokyo! 
Right. 
And Zero's coming, isn't he? 
Please... wait for me, Princess Euphemia. 
I'll avenge you, I swear! 
Euphy... 
I just don't understand. 
Why did you give that order? 
Shall I tell you? 
Huh? 
A child? 
How did you get on board? 
How do you do, Suzaku Kururugi. 
You may call me V.V. V.V.? 
They've broken the Atsugi line as well! 
Maybe the homeland can help us! 
They'll never make it in time. 
Then we should evacuate this area right away! 
Don't panic! 
Huh?! 
P--Princess Cornelia! 
I've put the Glaston Knights on standby. 
Place all our forces on the outskirts of Tokyo! 
We can end this! 
We just need to take down Zero! 
Kill Cornelia, and the day will be ours! 
You all have your orders! 
Now be ready! 
Diethard, have Tohdoh handle the front line. 
I'm leaving you in charge here. 
Yes, very well, Zero. 
You're Sumeragi's... 
Thank goodness I made it in time! 
That was so mean of you, the way you headed off to the battle without me! 
I've been a huge fan of yours ever since your big debut! 
I was hoping that I'd finally get to talk to you. 
Wow, you're really tall, aren't you? 
Don't worry though, I'll catch up with you pretty soon! 
L--Lady Kaguya, I thought the heads of the Six Houses remained in Fuji. 
I followed after you! 
So I can watch my future husband fight. 
Don't joke around. 
Well, once you win this battle, you'll eventually need a wife, won't you? 
I mean, I know your identity is a big secret and all, but you're gonna need somebody as your public face, right? 
Really? 
You believe we're going to win this battle? 
Of course! 
I am the goddess of victory after all. 
I'd be lucky to have you then. 
Unfortunately, I've already made a contract with the devil. 
Huh? 
I have no room in my life for deities right now. 
Hurry! 
We have to get this experimental subject back to the homeland! 
The pressure! 
The internal pressure is rising! 
Now, of all times...! 
Good morning to you it was. 
Hear me, Britannia! 
This is Zero! 
A rebel against oppressors who abuse their power! 
We will wait until midnight. 
You have until then to surrender to me. 
This is your only warning -- heed it. 
Twelve midnight, not a single second later. 
Gen. Darlton, you're in no condition to do this! 
I don't care! 
I have to be... at Her Highness' side...! 
Your little bluff is meaningless, Zero. 
The Tokyo Settlement is an impenetrable fortress. 
You can still turn back, you know. 
Your actions here will affect more than just Area 11. 
You -- and this entire world -- will be steeped in war. 
I'm aware of that, and yet all the same. 
Euphy? 
How could that be possible? 
No... it must be an impostor. 
Lelouch, it's me. 
Suzaku... why are you calling me now? 
Lelouch... are you at the school? 
No, but I will be soon. 
I see. 
I called because there's something I want you to tell everyone for me. 
Yes, and what would that be? 
The sky -- make sure no one looks up the sky. 
What? 
Lelouch... is there anyone you could ever hate so much that you'd actually want to kill them? 
There is. 
Yes. 
I used to feel that sort of thinking was unacceptable -- that unless you followed the rules, killing someone was just murder. 
But now... it's hatred that's guiding me. 
I'm fighting to kill someone. 
I'm going to become a murderer in the skies of Tokyo, so please... 
Embrace your hate. 
Just think of Euphy. 
I made my own mind up long ago -- I've no intention of turning back. 
For Nunnally, you mean. 
Yes. 
I have to go now. 
Thank you, Lelouch. 
Forget about it. 
I mean, you and I are friends after all. 
For the last seven years. 
Right. 
See you then. 
Yeah, later. 
What the hell?! 
These hands of mine have been dirty for a long time now, Suzaku. 
Your coming to face me now doesn't matter at all -- hell, I welcome it even. 
I mean, of course, you and I are friends...
Perhaps this is what I've longed for ever since that day: the destruction and loss of everything. 
That's right -- destruction always comes before creation, and for that goal, even my own conscience must be cast aside. 
The only path left to me is straight ahead. 
Now then...



That's right -- only by pushing forward will I find atonement. 
Even if my enemy is the greatest empire on the planet, there's no turning back for me now! 
Everything is in place. 
The time has come to overthrow the old world order! 
Code-R... 
I see. 
You've given me an abnormally high active electrical potential and boosted my neurofilaments. 
Oh, how understanding is such a happiness! 
You on me experimented in order to recreate it, didn't you? 
This affliction of hers...

Stop it, Code-R isn't an invalid! 
Regardless, won't you please just calm down? 
Your brain cells were destroyed past the Circle of Willis, so--

Spare me excuses! 
You're the one who gave me like this because you hated me for sending you back to the homeland! 
Look, I promise I'll hear anything you have to say, but first let's return to the homeland! 
We can't carry on a proper conversation in this situation. 
Hear me, Britannia! 
This is Zero! 
Zero?! 
A rebel against oppressors who abuse their power! 
We will wait until midnight. 
You have until then to surrender to me. 
Through the entire settlement? 
He's on every communication channel. 
Do we have any communication to the outside? 
Use this opportunity to confirm the enemy's formation. 
Yes, Your Highness. 
I'll have vengeance for my sister Euphemia, and I'll take it right here and now, Zero! 
Fairly, out in the open, and face to face! 
A rebel against oppressors who abuse their power! 
We will wait until midnight. 
You have until then to surrender to me. 
Surrender at midnight... Hand over the whole settle to them...

Hey, wh--wh--what're you doing?! 
Stop it! 
You know what'll happen if you do that?! 
Would you please not interfere? 
This is no time to be screwing around! 
If you don't stop it--

Are you ready to commence the air raid? 
Strike is synchronized. 
Good. 
Assume the position to fire! 
Cornelia, I'm afraid a direct confrontation with me in battle will be your undoing. 
What?! 
An earthquake?! 
A layered structure, built to be earthquake resistant. 
But if you demolish all of the floor sections simultaneously, you won't find anything to be more fragile. 
By lining up the city's perimeter to engage the Black Knights, you sealed your fate. 
I'm not beaten yet! 
Damn, you really are one amazing dude, Zero. 
Wow, did they destroy the entire settlement? 
I heard only the outer perimeter was affected. 
There are some facilities in it we're going to need later. 
Still, how were Zero's underground collaborators able to pull this off? 
I'm guessing that Villetta and Jeremiah's theories must have been true. 
Heh, then this is magnificent. 
Yes... the world is a game and people are mere pawns! 
STAGE 24: THE COLLAPSING STAGE



This will do. 
Once we broadcast images to the world of their government bureau falling to us, along with our declaration of independence, he'll be forced to face me. 
And if I can get him -- get the Britannian emperor to meet me one on one, then all the pieces will fall into my hands. 
How does the enemy's air power look? 
Our allied groups are concentrating on striking them hard in each sector. 
The rest are around the Izu Area, Sado, and Awaji Islands. 
Then the time is right, now's our chance! 
Attack! 
Third Squad, take the media sector! 
Sixth Squad, take the harbor! 
Special Forces, suppress the lower levels! 
All remaining, push in from the front, gather intelligence on the enemy forces that are left! 
All forces, hear me! 
Fall back to the Britannian Government Bureau! 
Yes, Your Highness! 
What's wrong? 
If you're having trouble controlling it, just detach the cockpit block. 
No, Princess Cornelia, forget about me and get to the bureau! 
Cornelia's been found! 
Surround her! 
Meet your fate! 
Tohdoh, you phantom...! 
No, Princess, stand aside! 
Leave him to me! 
Guilford! 
Well, that's the one from Narita! 
Get away while you can, Princess! 
Do you expect me to simply abandon my men and run away?! 
Your Highness, you must survive! 
For Princess Euphemia's honor as well! 
Go now, because, My Lady, I am the knight you chose to champion you! 
That sword's the same one as the Lancelot's! 
Therefore, I must be the one who stays and fights! 
So be it. 
Then, Guilford, your orders are to come back alive, my knight. 
Yes, Your Highness, I will return! 
The school area is a priority for the Special Force and the Zero Squad to take over. 
We'll use one of the buildings for our command center. 
What, at the school? 
Ohgi, you stand by out there as well. 
...Ohgi! 
Uh... right. 
Understood, Zero. 
You're planning to go to the Tokyo Settlement, aren't you? 
However, you can't have it! 
The A.S.E.E.C. 
exists for research and development. 
It appears our duties here have wound to an end, and we haven't been ordered by the viceroy to go out there, either. 
Leaving would be a violation of orders, right? 
Suzaku, I know how you feel but...

Oh, no, you don't! 
Listen to me, Zero's in Tokyo, and I'm gonna finish him with my own hands! 
I won't let you stop me -- I'm doing this! 
Colonel! 
Lt. 
Colonel, should we pursue? 
Where are the other units? 
They're approaching, climbing up from the side... 
Hm?! 
The Glaston Knights? 
Lord Guilford, we're holding a position just ahead of here. 
Please head back! 
I appreciate that. 
I'm grateful! 
Think nothing of it, sir. 
Originally, we were all subordinates under Gen. Darlton's command. 
We still don't know if he's alive or dead, but our duty to Viceroy Cornelia comes first. 
Do you know the situation? 
The enemy's frontal assault is a diversion. 
But if we beat them here, the rest are simply militia forces. 
I mean, they're just rabble. 
Diethard, enemy air power's been taken care of. 
Kaguya will command the G1. 
Move to your assigned location immediately. 
Understood. 
Yoshida, get the Raikou ready! 
Yes, sir! 
Tamaki, do you know Rakshata's status? 
She's on the move! 
Kallen, go provide her group with backup! 
Right! 
Tohdoh, you know what to do if you see the target. 
Understood. 
Okay, now what's the name of the collaborator, Ohgi? 
Uh... 
I have it as Sayoko Shinozaki. 
Contact's been lost with Hiroshima Settlement! 
Uprisings have broken out in the Sapporo Settlement as well! 
And Chinese Federation naval fleets are massing in the East China Sea! 
The Chinese Federation, too?! 
That's all we need, with His Majesty still not present! 
He must be there again. 
Lord Odysseus, our troops are standing by ready for deployment. 
You need to choose a commander now! 
We mustn't be too hasty here, gentlemen. 
What Euphemia did was clearly an abominable blunder. 
Handle this rashly, and it may spread to every Area! 
My Lord, we must go to help Princess Cornelia! 
Brother, why don't I go? 
Send me there. 
Y--you're serious? 
Would you really go there?! 
Doesn't it sadden you to see those people killing each other? 
Super Electromagnetic Shrapnel Cannon, FIRE! 
First Special Forces, move in! 
They only seem to be defending the Government Bureau right now. 
As expected, they try not to scatter themselves while waiting for reinforcements. 
Don't move! 
We're the Black Knights! 
We've taken over this building! 
Do exactly as we tell you to! 
No... it can't be! 
Hello, Chief, I've brought you an exclusive. 
Shall we transmit this to the world? 
The moment when Zero changes everything in our lives. 
Now that's the scoop. 
Right. 
We'll give the public a spectacular show that'll exceed whatever they hope to see. 
Huh? 
That was it -- the last broadcasting station. 
They're all down. 
Hands up and turn around! 
The Black Knights control the school -- all of you are now our hostages! 
Lower the guns! 
Huh? 
That's a hell of a thing to say in this situation! 
Rivalz! 
C'mon, lemme be cool for once, okay? 
I'll protect everyone! 
Is that a fact?! 
Stop! 
I expressly told you to avoid violence. 
Yeah, but you also told us this was gonna be our command center, didn't you? 
Your command center?! 
Why does it have to be Ashford, of all places...? 
Your academy is strategically useful for our purposes; therefore, we're turning it into a command center. 
We're in no position to refuse you? 
I guarantee none of you will be harmed. 
Nunnally, until the fighting has ended you'll be safe here... protected by the Black Knights. 
So please...

Like we can believe you?! 
You guys are at war with us Britannians! 
We're enemies, remember?! 
Please, Rivalz, don't argue. 
Do what he says. 
Kallen!? 
Well, well, there's a surprise around every corner... Do I have your word that no one gets hurt? 
Not only us, but any of the student body, faculty, or staff; anywhere on the campus? 
As long as nobody tries to leave the dorms or administrative offices, they ought to be fine. 
I want-- I want to know what you did to me! 
I was so terrified, you have no idea! 
Both of you did something to me -- tell me the truth! 
-- didn't you?! 
Huh? 
How could you? 
How could you?! 
Zero, it's the Lancelot! 
I knew he'd come! 
Out of my way! 
When I find you Zero... 
I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!!! 
Geass? 
That's correct. 
Zero possesses a supernatural power. 
Impossible. 
Then how do you explain Princess Euphemia's sudden and drastic change? 
What about you -- the one who always follows the rules? 
How do you account for your actions on Shikine Island? 
In short... 
The power to control people and erase their memories... 
When you think about it, it makes sense and explains everything that's happened till now. 
And as a result of its aftereffects, I fell in love with a damned Eleven! 
That student -- Lelouch Lamperouge, he's responsible for all of it! 
Suzaku! 
Kallen! 
We meet in battle once again! 
I'm sorry, but this time you're going to die! 
You're all fools! 
You, the Japanese... he's lying to all of you! 
I can't put up with that ignorant dribble, and what do you even know about Zero anyway?! 
Well, tell me what you know about him, then! 
TELL ME WHERE ZERO IS NOW! 
Come on, answer me! 
Where is Zero?! 
Like I'd tell that to a filthy traitor like you! 
Then let's finish this here! 
Don't think you have an edge because you can fly! 
Now I gotcha! 
DIE! 
Tell me! 
Where is Zero! 
You know, I really hate pushy guys. 
Okay... then die here. 
If you have any last words, say them now. 
Wait! 
Suzaku Kururugi, my belief that you and I could be allies was incorrect. 
I'm no longer gullible about our would-be partnership. 
Let's resolve this one-on-one. 
Works for me, let's do it! 
Colonel? 
Asahina. 
What about Urabe? 
He's moving on the energy filler depository right now, sir. 
All right, then let's go rendezvous with Senba and Chiba. 
Once we recharge, we'll surround the Government Bureau, then we as the main force will push in from the front! 
Roger! 
Order Lord Crane to fall back. 
Set up a defense line on the railway station grounds. 
Yes, right away, Your Highness. 
Princess Cornelia, I've completed our formation. 
What about the line of defense around the bureau? 
You are to hold your position, Guilford. 
If we can just drag this battle out, it'll only go badly for the Black Knights. 
Yes, Your Highness. 
Well, what did my older brother say? 
He said the Pacific Fleet should arrive in approximately 75 hours. 
Also, the Sado and Torishima Air Divisions have already been deployed within Area 11. 
Meaning that they should be here in about 30 minutes. 
Leak this information to the Black Knights. 
Huh?! 
After that, you'll join Lord Guilford in the defense line protecting the Government Bureau. 
And you, My Lady? 
Oh, I'll be preparing the party. 
ZEROOOOOO!!! 
Can't you calm him down?! 
I can't! 
His resistance is just too strong! 
We've mounted the radiator fins! 
T4's headed for the Government Bureau? 
Are the enemy air divisions too already? 
No, only one unit so far. 
Well, it shouldn't affect too many of us then. 
We're holding the school and Diethard's group are holding the media area. 
Miss Kaguya's forces are standing by at our rear. 
All we need is to push in on them from behind and we've won. 
We have to, for Yoshida and all the others who died. 
Deputy Commander, we've captured someone. 
Is it one of the students? 
Don't worry, let him go. 
We haven't got a reason to hold him here. 
No, this one was caught sneaking in through the rear gate. 
Sneaking in? 
Chigusa! 
Sh--she's a collaborator who reports directly to me. 
Take her into one of the unoccupied rooms, and I'll hear her report there. 
Oh, Nina... 
I wonder if she's still in the Ganymede hangar. 
And Kallen's a part of this whole thing? 
Man, that sucks. 
What're we gonna do? 
It's all right. 
Huh? 
The Black Knights -- or Zero, rather -- they absolutely won't do anything to harm us. 
But how can you be so sure of that? 
COWARD! 
You've taken them as your hostages?! 
Some one-on-one fight this is! 
You brought this all on yourself when you rejected my bids to join me as my ally. 
Now you'll regret these foolish moral standards you cling to! 
Hey, isn't that the black Knightmare that's been all over the news lately?! 
No way... 
Zero's not targeting this building, is he?! 
He can't be, he can't! 
Because, if he does--! 
If I can get close enough to him to use the Harkens... 
ZEROOOO!!! 
Now! 
What the--?! 
I anticipated they wouldn't have adequate time to come up with a countermeasure for this. 
Zero, remember your promise. 
Yes. 
You may do with the machine as you wish. 
ZERO! 
You deceive the people who trust you to the very end! 
You betray her! 
Hmph... 
I've no time to argue which of us is the bigger hypocrite. 
Farewell, Suzaku Kururugi. 
DAMN YOU! 
Their defenses are as strong as expected. 
Should you really be treating this so casually? 
Enemy reinforcements are arriving. 
If they start bombing us, it's all over. 
Humph... but we have a replenished energy filler, haven't we? 
Tohdoh, I'm going to move in on the Government Bureau from above. 
Hmm? 
Isn't it risky to rely on the abilities of that machine? 
I know that. 
I'm just going to create some confusion. 
It appears to be... 
Yes. 
Aries Villa. 
What?! 
How do you know that? 
I'll tell you some day, when the time is right. 
Welcome, Zero. 
I figured you would show up here as soon as you learned about the air raid. 
Now... join us for your welcome soirée! 
Care for a dance? 
Chigusa, why did you come to this battlefield?! 
We need to find someplace safe for you. 
Stay with me for now...
Look... 
I'm sorry I hid this from you, but everything I'm doing is for the sake of peace! 
If Zero succeeds in freeing Japan from Britannia, then we can finally be together! 
Oh, stop before I puke! 
Me together with an Eleven like you? 
What a horrible thought. 
Hah... My name is Villetta Nu, and I am a Knight of Honor of Britannia. 
So, I see, Chigusa... you've gotten your memory back...

Is it true? 
Ohgi's been shot?! 
Yeah, the medic's with him now. 
And was it the woman who did it? 
We're still not sure. 
We're searching for her as we speak! 
Wait! 
Huh? 
Don't tell anybody else about Ohgi -- the news will only rattle people. 
Just find the girl and bring her back here! 
Yes, sir! 
Oh... now they've even got Suzaku! 
I wonder what's going on out there. 
Now's your chance. 
Please, go! 
Huh?! 
Suzaku needs your help -- go to him, please! 
And we need his help. 
He's the best hope we've got! 
It's pitch black! 
You'd never know if the culprit was hiding in here. 
Where's the light switch? 
Dunno. 
Zero... Princess Euphemia --

-- WILL BE AVENGED!!! 
What's wrong, Zero?! 
The specs on this thing are far superior than hers! 
You're just a weakling! 
I have you-- I have you right where I want you! 
Your life is now IN MY HANDS! 
Cornelia! 
THIS IS YOUR JUDGMENT! 
Princess, it's me, Darlton. 
Why... Darlton, why...? 
Don't be afraid -- I haven't come to kill you, My Lady. 
Well, he made it. 
I'm here to deliver you to Zero, Your Highness. 
What have I done?! 
Why, Princess?! 
Thank you, Darlton. 
PRINCEEEEEESS!!! 
Hello? 
Oh, who's there? 
Is that you, C.C.? 
No, it's not. 
Hm? 
But...

Nunnally... 
I've come to take you with me. 
Cornelia, the second princess of the empire, has fallen into my hands. 
After I've questioned her about the identity of my mother's killer, I only need to hold her hostage and I've won. 
At last, for Nunnally's sake as well, I will obliterate Britannia, the country that abandoned us both! 
I see... 
So you were Zero... the entire time...
Darlton was right... he said it was someone with a grudge against the Britannian Imperial Family...
Y--you did this for Nunnally? 
Correct. 
I will demolish the present world then build a new and better one in its place. 
You killed them all for the sake of that madness?! 
Clovis... even Euphy?! 
You're one to talk, my dear sister, considering how you idolized my mother, Marianne the Flash. 
It would seem... that talking with you further would prove to be utterly pointless. 
Indeed. 
Well, then... Lelouch vi Britannia orders you to answer him! 
Go on. 
Sister, are you the one who killed my mother? 
I'm not. 
Then who was it? 
I don't know. 
But you were put in charge of her personal guard, were you not? 
Yes. 
Then why did you withdraw her escort? 
I was asked to. 
By whom?! 
Lady Marianne. 
Mother did?! 
It's impossible! 
My mother knew she would be attacked that day?! 
No... that can't be... 
If she did, she would have gotten us out of there! 
What really happened back then?! 
Who killed her?! 
Who killed my mother, dammit! 
You don't know the truth? 
Then who does?! 
Someone must know! 
You yourself investigated what occurred that day! 
I remember His Majesty the Emperor ordered Schneizel to transport the body out of there. 
The body? 
You mean mother's? 
Then what was in that coffin? 
Hey, get back in here! 
I know! 
The government bureau defense forces will be here soon. 
No! 
Your little sister's been kidnapped! 
Hmm? 
C.C., this is not the time for jokes. 
We'll take Cornelia back to the command center as our hostage. 
She's been taken! 
I just know because shes the reason you live! 
She's on Kamine Island! 
Kamine Island? 
ALL HAIL BRITANNIA! 
Mr. 
Zero? 
Can it really be? 
What?! 
Oh, what luck! 
What fate! 
What evil fortune! 
Is that you, Orange Boy? 
Oh! 
Oooohhh! 
I beseech you! 
I'm begging you, please die. 
Damn! 
Get Cornelia! 
I'm already on it! 
Zero! 
I... must rid the world of the empire's enemies! 
Yes! 
And so... ALL HAIL BRITANNIA! 
It's a damned disgrace! 
If we report to the prince what happened here... 
It's only his emotions running wild. 
His behavior's too hard to predict right now. 
I wish we could communicate with him, get through to him somehow! 
Out of the way! 
ZEROOOO!!! 
STAGE 25: ZERO



Currently passing through Ozu[XX] area. 
Why did you try to stop Suzaku? 
I'm a military contractor. 
You didn't want him killed, did you? 
Why should I care? 
You know as well as I do. 
The biggest human flaw is that we're so pitifully fragile in our bodies, our hearts, and our relationships with each other. 
Nevertheless, you can't bend the world or people any which way you want. 
I want every part in my mechanisms to function exactly as I wish. 
If we lose Kururugi, we'll just have to find another Devicer. 
Be careful, please! 
Any Knightmare entering the field will shut down immediately! 
Understood. 
He's very good. 
Ohgi, it's Zero. 
Zero! 
Thank God! 
Hm? 
What? 
Minami? 
Where's Ohgi? 
Someone shot him! 
We're treating him, but he's unconscious. 
And the culprit who shot him is still...

All right, he'll do. 
The girl in the wheelchair, do you know where she is right now? 
Uhh, isn't Ohgi more important? 
I'll arrange for his replacement later! 
The girl in the wheelchair comes first! 
His replacement? 
Confirm her location! 
Hurry! 
All of the students we had confined alone have disappeared in the confusion when Ohgi was shot...

Bring as many as you can, medicine too! 
Hang in there, Ohgi...

Lelouch, this is a bad time...

Is Nunnally there with you? 
No, she's in the clubhouse. 
We're just a short distance away. 
Understood! 
No, wait! 
Hey, where are you anyway?! 
I can't get through to Nunnally or even Sayoko! 
Lelouch, you know I'm here with you as your accomplice, but also as your ally. 
So I should just trust you, take the word of a woman who won't give me any reasons? 
Look, I don't want you to die. 
At least, that's true. 
Hmph! 
That's just one-sided convenience! 
Third Squad, enemy aircraft! 
Synch fire and shoot it down! 
Roger! 
Tracking enemy... Fire! 
I see them... (voice echoing) I see them...

Wh--what the hell is that?! 
Captain Kagezaki! 
Zero! 
ZERO!!! 
That's it! 
I don't have time to fool with cannon fodder like you! 
C.C.! 
Get to 12th Street now! 
Talk about one-sided convenience! 
You missed! 
You can't hit me, Jeremiah Gottwald! 
You're wrong, Orange Boy. 
You're being hit right now. 
Coward... behind from back! 
Be smashed to dust, you relic! 
All right, now to get to Nunnally. 
Damn, that's a thick hatch! 
Wish we had the sword with the rotating blade. 
Tamaki, what do you want us to do with them? 
Should we lock them in the dorms or the gym with the other students? 
Students? 
Call Zero! 
I guarantee you that Zero wants us to be safe! 
If not, something's wrong! 
He's trying to guard us! 
Aw, shut up! 
Zero and me are tight -- I know the man better than anybody! 
And he's not gonna hesitate to shoot anyone at a time like this! 
Stop! 
Oh, what's this? 
The Japanese knight comes out to help the Brits, huh? 
Suzaku...

That white Knightmare is all we came here to get! 
A dirty traitor like you can die right there! 
Arthur! 
Stupid-ass cat! 
Screw this, just kill all of 'em! 
Good evening, everyone! 
Retreat! 
Let's pull out! 
You're kidding! 
That Earl of Pudding actually came out to the front lines?! 
Rakshata... 
I thought it was you. 
C'mon! 
Oh, you...! 
Well, Miss Cecile, how are the test parts working out? 
They're ready to be practically applied. 
It's back on! 
Unlock your fuel hatch -- we'll replace your energy filler. 
Right! 
But why did you come out here, too, Miss Cecile? 
Good question. 
Why did we, Lloyd? 
Why else -- to recover the Lancelot, and do a few other things as well. 
It's a Sutherland arm, is it showing contact? 
It cleared the compatibility check. 
Good, now leave this place to us. 
You go after Zero. 
Thanks to you, I will. 
Please protect Ashford Academy and everyone here! 
Yes. 
After all, my fiancée is here too. 
Hmm? 
Royal private channel? 
K--Kururugi...? 
Viceroy Cornelia?! 
Damn their tenacity! 
I'd expect that of Cornelia's elite! 
Tohdoh! 
Hmm? 
From here on, I'm leaving all operations in your hands! 
Ohgi's been wounded. 
Have Diethard assume his duties. 
Hold on a second, what do you mean, leaving them to me?! 
I'm afraid there's another urgent matter that requires my attention. 
I won't respond to any further communications from you! 
W--wait! 
What else could be more urgent than this, Zero?! 
Seventh Squad, wiped out! 
What?! 
Remain calm! 
You're safe, so wait your turn! 
Younger students go first! 
We gotta fall back! 
Destroy any records you can't take! 
Hurry! 
Hurry! 
This battle situation... bodes victory for my forces...
Am I clear? 
Do all you can to hide the fact that I've been wounded. 
It'll only upset them... Guilford... and the Glaston Knights...
You're the only one... 
I can tell...

Don't try to talk anymore. 
Kamine Island... that's where Zero's headed. 
Any more than that... 
It's no use. 
I can't remember. 
Geass! 
Y--you're Euphy's knight, aren't you? 
Then you must go and clear her dishonored name! 
Y--yes! 
I know this is a bit informal, but I dub thee Knight of Honor of Britannia. 
You are now a knight in both name and station. 
Go, Suzaku Kururugi... 
Yes, Your Highness! 
What, does this mean that Zero's disappeared? 
Not at all, he's simply transferred command to us on-site here. 
Right. 
Why... why now, of all times...? 
I wanna know why Ohgi was shot! 
And where the hell is Zero?! 
I said I don't know! 
Can't someone get a hold of him?! 
It makes no sense -- he had no reason to run away. 
In spite of Tohdoh's experience, if he doesn't see the entire picture. 
Zero... 
I don't know what to do next...

K--Kallen...

Ohgi! 
Are you all right?! 
Yeah... Kallen, listen to me -- go after Zero! 
There must be... a reason... he's acting this way...
Save him... 
Zero... the one who will realize... Naoto's dream... 
But... how do I find him?! 
You should see it soon...

That's... the Lancelot! 
What would be drawing him away from here? 
Rakshata... put a transmitter on it... 
Understood! 
Supply corps, send a captured air transport to me ASAP -- it's top priority! 
Dammit! 
Can't we at least hold this place?! 
It will only be until all the students are aboard the ship. 
Hang in there. 
Yes, I will. 
Why am I reading a thermal reaction in there?! 
A Knightmare! 
What in the world does that antique doing here?! 
The Ganymede...? 
Nina! 
Oh, hell! 
Cease fire! 
That goes for you two, Black Knights! 
Huh? 
Call a temporary truce! 
We can't fire on that! 
Listen, everyone, do what he says! 
Hold your fire! 
If it's got Lloyd that panicked, then...

Nina, did you complete it? 
There wasn't time to test it. 
I don't know if it'll explode. 
Still, I try to...

Nina, what did you mean by "explode?!" 
It's dangerous! 
Stay back! 
You see, if her theory is correct, that thing may destroy the entire Tokyo Settlement. 
But that is impossible! 
Believe it! 
She's even using Sakuradite! 
Zero... where is he? 
Tell me where he is! 
Princess Euphemia will be avenged! 
WHERE IS ZERO?!!! 
If I've lost Nunnally... then what have I been fighting for till now? 
What's the point of this war of independence? 
Why did Euphy have to be sacrificed?! 
Kamine Island in sight! 
I'm taking Nunnally back... no matter who tries to stop me! 
It figures it would be here. 
Do you have some sort of connection to this place? 
Not this one. 
Humph. 
Meaning there are other places similar to like this one? 
Does Nunnally's abductor have a Geass power? 
I don't know that much. 
It's the truth. 
I don't doubt it. 
We're still accomplices, so at the very least I should give you the benefit of believing you. 
Thank you. 
What's the matter? 
I see! 
This is--! 
What?! 
Calm down! 
We're caught in a trap that was set for intruders. 
The one who activated it is--

What is this...? 
The past...? 
C.C.! 
No... 
But... 
Hold it right there! 
Stop it... STOP IT!!! 
C. C., these visions -- are these of your...

All I have left are my memories from when I was a witch. 
Other than that, I don't even know if I was ever human to begin with. 
Every person who has ever hated me and each and every one that has showed me any kindness are gone forever; they've vanished into the current of time. 
Always existing with the endless flow of eternity, I am utterly alone. 
You are not alone! 
Huh?! 
We're each other's accomplice. 
Therefore, if you're supposed to be a witch, then perhaps I should be a demon. 
Odd thing to say at a time like this. 
C.C., you okay? 
Don't you know who you're talking to? 
Zero! 
It is I! 
Repent is now! 
Stubborn ass! 
The section Cornelia damaged before! 
There's one shot left in the Hadron Cannon! 
It's time for my wonderful vindication! 
Insidious isolation impudence! 
I'll handle this lunatic! 
You go after Nunnally! 
But, we're out of energy! 
I'll be all right! 
Well... 
I am nervous. 
You have to prevail, over your own past, and over the outcome of your own action. 
C.C., don't die. 
Who are you talking to? 
Hmph. 
You have a point. 
I've found him! 
You're not my first pick to commit suicide with, but... 
Hold your ground! 
Victory's within our reach, be strong! 
Dammit, we can't hold out! 
Enemy reinforcements will be here soon! 
What should we do?! 
Inoue...? 
Where the hell is he? 
ZEROOO! 
All forces, charge! 
We'll smash these filthy rebels with one blow! 
Fight to your last breath! 
Stop at nothing! 
Because if they break through here, our forces will collapse completely! 
It's not that Tohdoh isn't a brilliant military leader; he simply lacks the incredible charisma Zero possesses. 
We need him... 
He can't run out on us -- not now! 
Oh Zero, have you really abandoned us? 
Have you abandoned Japan? 
That trap at the entrance was designed to buy them time. 
Was I the intended target... or was it C.C.? 
No matter. 
The first thing to do is make sure Nunnally is all right. 
Turn and face me, very slowly. 
Dammit, why now?! 
Didn't you hear me, Zero? 
I said, turn and face me, very slowly. 
Euphemia randomly murdered throngs of innocent Japanese people. 
You'd fight for a woman like--

Your Geass power is quite convenient, isn't it? 
You get to hide in the shadows while others take all the blame for doing your dirty work. 
You're just an arrogant coward -- that's your true nature, the real you. 
Kallen! 
Don't you want to know Zero's true identity, too? 
What are you saying?! 
You have a right to bear witness. 
No, wait! 
But how... how could you...?! 
I didn't want it... to be you. 
L--Lelouch is the...? 
Yes, I am Zero -- the man who leads the Black Knights, who challenges the Holy Britannian Empire, the one who holds the entire world in his hand. 
You used us... the Japanese people...? 
You used me?! 
And as a result, Japan will be freed. 
You certainly can't complain about that. 
I should have arrested you when I had the chance...

You knew it was me? 
I wasn't sure at first, so I convinced myself that it wasn't true. 
But I really wanted to believe in you. 
But you were lying to us -- to me, your sister Euphy... and Nunnally! 
Yes, and now Nunnally's been kidnapped! 
Please, Suzaku, can't we call a temporary truce? 
I need your help! 
Together we'll be able to save Nunnally! 
There's nothing in the world that you and I can't do together! 
I'm done with that! 
Had you only joined up with Euphy first, we wouldn't be here! 
If you and she had combined forces, things would be different! 
The world could have been--

That's all in the past! 
Over and done. 
Past?! 
You killed your own father, didn't you? 
Wallow in remorse when you have time for it! 
No, you're hopeless! 
What? 
I know you! 
In the very end, you'd betray the entire world, the way it's betrayed you! 
I'm not going to let your sick, twisted dream be realized! 
You fool! 
You think ideals alone can change the world?! 
Fine, then go right ahead and shoot me, come on! 
Set your aim on this liquid Sakuradite! 
If my heart stops, this vial will explode. 
You'll both die with me. 
Damn you! 
Listen, I'll make a deal with you. 
I wanna know who told you about Geass. 
Did they abduct Nunnally?! 
Nothing that happens now is any of your concern! 
Your very existence is a mistake! 
You need to be erased from the face of the Earth! 
I'll take care of Nunnally! 
SUZAKU! 
LELOUCH! 
C.C: This is 2-D-4. 
We're now entering Tokyo Settlement-controlled airspace. 
A.T.C: Roger. 
Your flight objective here is commercial advertising, correct? 
C.C: No change in that. 
As filed the duration of our flight will be fourteen hours. 
A.T.C: That is confirmed. 
You're cleared for flyover. 
C.C: Acknowledged. 
I appreciate it. 
Urabe: We're the only ones left now. 
This is all the remains of The Black Knights, who along with Zero, once struck terror in the heart of Britannia. 
Still it's too soon to give in to despair. 
If Operation Flying Swallow 4 is successful, then... 
The Black Knights: Yes. 
Urabe: Forgive me. 
Here's to you. 
To victory. 
Long live Japan! 
The Black Knights: Long live Japan! 
Villetta: Lelouch! 
Lelouch: Ah not again... You are persistent. 
Villetta: You are not going to get away this time. 
Ah-

Student: Hey Lelouch, about what you said...  That thing from last time-

Lelouch: Sorry! 
Catch ya later. 
Villetta: Lelouch, you come back here! 
Student: Vice prez! 
Student: Hope you get lucky! 
 Go!


Lelouch: Yeah whatever...

Villetta: You lost the moment you turned this into a contest of strength and speed. 
Lelouch: Aren't you overreacting? 
I mean this is just about making-up a P.E class. 
Villetta: No. 
Quit cutting class, Lelouch. 
Lelouch: I have more than enough school credits to pass, don't I? 
Don't worry. 
It's only colored smoke! 
Villetta: Wait! 
Milly: Hey vice prez, hang in there! 
Lelouch: Ah, thanks a lot. 
Villetta: What kinda Student President are you?! 
Milly: Oh, I'm so sorry. 
Lost my head. 
Villetta: Lelouch! 
Rivalz: Ouh, are you trying to kill me, coach?! 
Villetta: Rivalz? 
But how did you...

Lelouch: I need to borrow your bike, Rivalz. 
See ya! 
Shirley: What are you up to now, Lelou? 
----------- [OP]

Lelouch: For crying out loud, can't they give me a break and leave me alone after school? 
Rolo: But they only do that because you are always skipping class, big brother? 
Lelouch: Because I find them insufferably boring. 
Here. 
Have some. 
It's from Milly. 
Rolo: Wow I can't eat and steer. 
Lelouch: You're right. 
I'm sorry. 
It's been a year since Britannian Forces crashed Black Rebellion, the revolt instigated by Zero. 
Things are finally quieted down, even here in Area 11. 
When the insurrection began, all sorts of rumors were flying. 
At one point, I considered returning to the homeland with my brother. 
Rolo: Did you hand in your career guidance report yet? 
Lelouch: Ah? 
Rolo: That's the reason Ms.Villetta was so upset. 
Lelouch: Oh...

Rolo: So, what about college? 
Lelouch: Well, I haven't decided yet. 
I am sick and tired of being a student. 
But I'm not ready to get a job and join the system, either. 
Rolo: A typical answer? 
Lelouch: Besides, what could I ever hope to attain by entering the workforce? 
Big corporations and the nobility would still be above me. 
A structured mature world. 
I would simply be absorbed into the hierarchy of adults. 
Calares: We all need to understand that this is not discrimination, but rather, it's differentiation! 
The Elevens revealed themselves to be a dangerous, belligerent race. 
They followed the scoundrel Zero and took up the name Japanese. 
It's our duty as Britannians to control and educate them! 
Lelouch: The Elevens lost. 
They didn't have the strength. 
If they'd only kept quiet and behaved, this place wouldn't have been downgraded to a reeducation zone. 
Zero, he was a fool. 
No matter what you try, world is just a...

Britannian Army: Viceroy Calares, please hurry. 
The delegation from the Chinese Federation is waiting. 
Calares: I understand. 
Are those O.S.I. 
people going to carry it out? 
 What about the Intelligence Agency's plan?


Britannian Army: Yes. 
At Babel Tower, my lord. 
Calares: On today of all days. 
What could His Majesty be thinking? 
I seriously doubt the scattered remnants of the Black Knights can do anything to us at this point... 
Besides, Zero is long dead. 
Britannian: Quit slacking off, lazy Eleven monkey! 
 Don't rest your hands you Eleven monkeys!


Japanese: Y-Yes sir! 
O.S.I: Target arriving as predicted. 
O.S.I: Run foot patrol to me, sending ID numbers of ????????? 
vehicles. 
O.S.I: Target now entering fifth gate from B3. 
 Coming in from B3 to the Fifth Gate.


O.S.I: Do you think she'll show this time? 
O.S.I. 
commander: I just know we can't afford to fail. 
We're taking the huge risk by letting Lelouch go to the settlement's outer edge. 
Lelouch: All right then. 
You can come with me but I warn you, you have to watch out. 
Because today I'm going to be breaking a law. 
Rolo: Don't get caught. 
Lelouch: Cops don't scare me. 
Rolo: Why do this? 
'Cause, I mean, you are not even doing this for the money, are you? 
Lelouch: Need you ask? 
It's because I wanna battle more challenging opponents. 
That's a lie. 
I do this out of sheer boredom. 
In short...I'm... 
Announcer: Today's main event is a brutal match between brothers. 
Which sibling will win? 
The older one or the younger? 
Rolo: We don't belong here. 
Let's go. 
Lelouch: It's simple to figure out. 
Just relax. 
Look there. 
The Britannians like ourselves are laughing and having fun. 
The ones who are being laughed at are the Elevens. 
You pretend not to notice but in the end...

Rolo: But then why? 
Lelouch: I know...but it's the truth. 
The Elevens lost twice. 
First with Prime Minister Kururugi and again with Zero. 
How could they rebel when they don't have the strength. 
Kallen: I'm terribly sorry! 
Lelouch: No, it's fine. 
Don't worry. 
Kallen: But I am an Eleven. 
And you are a Britannian student. 
This is inexcusable. 
Lelouch: All the more reason to excuse you. 
I hate having our social class held over you like a sword. 
Kallen: It doesn't matter. 
Powerless have no choice but to bear their lot in life. 
Regardless if their oppresser is wrong. 
Lelouch: I'd appreciate it if you didn't push your values on me. 
I'm not interested. 
Kallen: I beg your pardon. 
Mr.King: Come here. 
Let me take a look at you. 
Hmm...nice goods you've got here. 
Man: Yes, Mr.King. 
We have a large quality catch of bunnies today. 
Kallen: You're wrong, sir. 
I'm not for sale. 
Mr.King: But you are for sale. 
You should know by now. 
Losers don't have any rights. 
O.S.I: Alert. 
Unforeseen trouble occurring. 
Mr.King: Curse your own wretched birth for not having been born with power. 
That's what His Majesty always says, isn't it? 
Lelouch: His Majesty...

Mr.King: The strong feed upon and devour the weak. 
That's the rule, kid. 
Rolo: The guy is mafia, Lelouch. 
Lelouch: What an arrogant display. 
Feeding upon the weak are you? 
Mr.King: This is the grownup world in here, schoolboy, so get lost. 
Lelouch: Then will the adult world devour the student or is it the other way around. 
Why don't we find out the answer with this? 
Mr.King: With chess? 
Rolo: Big brother, don't! 
Mr.King: Too late, fellows. 
Right boys? 
Students really don't know much of anything, do they? 
Lelouch: That's not true, Mr. Black King. 
You're a famous chess player in the gambling arena, aren't you? 
Mr.King: So you know who I am, huh? 
Tamaki: If Zero was here, you wouldn't be acting so tough. 
Chiba: Do me a favor. 
Don't say that traitor's name again. 
Tamaki: Hey, Zero didn't betray us! 
Keeper: Shut up, you stinking Eleven! 
Tamaki: Okay! 
Sorry! 
Ohgi: There has to be a reason for what he did. 
Chiba: What Reason? 
Why'd the commander vanish during the final decisive battle like that. 
Tohdoh: Stop it! 
It serves no purpose. 
Zero's dead after all. 
Ohgi: He's dead...



Lelouch: And that's Checkmate. 
Mr.King: Impossible...

Onlooker: The student beat him. 
Onlooker: Black King lost. 
Onlooker: How could he lose so easily. 
Lelouch: Looks like you're the one who's been devoured here. 
Mr.King: Damn. 
That's inconvenient. 
How will I ever be able to show my face in public if word of this gets around. 
Lelouch: I would never spread rumors. 
Mr.King: No, school boy. 
Not that. 
What I'm saying is that others will hear how you cunningly cheated me. 
Lelouch: I...what...? 
Mr.King: Such a naughty little man. 
Lelouch: Now, wait a minute! 
Kallen: Cheat? 
But in chess how could you? 
Rolo: There's no way to do it. 
Mr.King: Get him and hold him. 
Now to whip up a little evidence against the kid. 
Lelouch: You filthy lying adult! 
Mr.King: Fair play doesn't win the game. 
Learn that, school boy...

Rolo: Let him go! 
Mr.King: Terrorists?! 
The Black Knights: Move out! 
Kallen: Come on! 
This way! 
Lelouch: H-Hey! 
Rolo: Lelouch! 
O.S.I. 
commander: An airship...hum...their final gasp? 
Office of Secret Intelligence. 
Initiate Operation Valhalla Seven. 
O.S.I: Yes, My Lord! 
Lelouch: What is this? 
What's happening? 
What!? 
Calares: We welcome you here to Area 11. 
High Eunuch: We didn't expect an armed reception especially after hearing that zero was dead. 
Calares: Zero? 
You have a wrong idea. 
I hoped it would offer you and the other representatives of the Chinese Federation a better understanding of us Britannians. 
High Eunuch: My, an uncommonly straightforward approach. 
Britannian Army: May we have what you're carrying, sir? 
Britannian Army: Our security is perfect. 
You don't need to carry that antique-weapon here. 
High Eunuch: Xingke, that was rude of you. 
Xingke: Please forgive me. 
But I hoped it would offer you and any other Britannians a better understanding of the Chinese Federation. 
Calares: Why you... Huh? 
Rolo: Big brother this way! 
Kallen: No, wait a minute! 
Urabe: We what?! 
Lost sight of the target?! 
The Black Knights: Yes, that is correct. 
We will be going in now. 
Urabe: Understood. 
O.S.I: The terrorists attacking Babel Tower appear well-equipped. 
They're armed with several Knightmares. 
O.S.I: At commencement of the operation. 
Perimeter cleaning complete. 
O.S.I. 
commander: Good. 
Now enter the Seventh Sequence. 
O.S.I: Commander, Viceroy Calares is...

O.S.I. 
commander: Pay no attention to that low-level bureaucrat. 
Our orders come directly from the Emperor himself. 
O.S.I: Yes, My Lord. 
Citizen: Elevens can take the stairs! 
 Elevens use the stairs!


Citizen: We're overloading! 
Citizen: Don't push it! 
Lelouch: Terrorists?! 
What are leftover fragments of the Black Knights doing here? 
Rolo: Britannian Military! 
Kallen: Filthy Britannians! 
Sorry, I wasn't able to bring him here like we planned. 
The Black Knights: Don't sweat it. 
Urabe and the others are looking for him right now. 
Kallen: Understood. 
Lelouch: Rolo, this way! 
What the hell is going on? 
That Knightmare earlier... Was it trying to..? 
Rolo: Lelouch, what'll we do now? 
Lelouch: Don't worry. 
We'll be all right. 
I promise you. 
I'll get us out of here. 
 We will be able to get away.


Rolo: Yeah... 
I'm sure. 
We'll be fine. 
 We're...

Lelouch: Rolo! 
Rolo: Lelouch! 
Shirley: And now Lelou's giving all of his same bad habits to Rolo. 
Milly: Admit it, Shirley. 
You're worried about your darling Lelou. 
Shirley: No, I am not! 
Rivalz: There she goes again..

Shirley: Whatever...



Lelouch: R... 
Rolo?..Rolo! 
I'm out of range? 
What do I do now? 
At this rate, we'll both be... No, I have to try and save him. 
The least I should be able to do is save my only brother! 
Even I ought to have enough strength in me to do that. 
I have to... 
Terrorists are responsible for this? 
But Elevens were killed too... Are these people still counting on Zero to rescue them? 
The Black Knights... What do I do? 
Will they kill me? 
Even if I run....

C.C: Lelouch. 
I came to get you out of here, Lelouch. 
I'm on your side and an ally. 
And your sworn enemy is Britannia. 
We have a contract. 
You and I are both accomplices. 
Lelouch: Contract? 
Accomplices? 
C.C: I'm the only one who knows you, the real you. 
Lelouch: What does she mean? 
Real me? 
C.C: L-Lelouch...

Lelouch: H-Hey! 
Are you all right? 
Why are soldiers.... 
Hold on...what are you... Stop it! 
That woman is still alive! 
O.S.I. 
commander: You served your function well, good Lelouch Lamperouge. 
Lelouch: Function? 
What are you talking about?! 
O.S.I. 
commander: We've had our eye on you for a very long time now, young man. 
Wakes up at 6:59 am. 
From 7:12 am, watches the news with his little brother while eating breakfast. 
No ideological deviations with the program he watches. 
8:45 am, goes to class. 
Doesn't attend his morning homeroom or first period class. 
Instead, he reads on the roof. 
During his second period physics...

Lelouch: Those are things I've done today...

O.S.I. 
commander: I prefer to think of it as a pet diary or bait journal. 
Lelouch: Bait journal?! 
O.S..I commander: Or call it a trap, if you wish, for that witch. 
All to lure C.C. out of hiding. 
Lelouch: No, wait, please! 
What's going on?! 
O.S.I. 
commander: Boy, I'll have you know that I am a baron. 
I'm through wasting words on bait like you. 
Now time to dispose of you. 
And there won't be any witnesses left. 
Lelouch: Dispose? 
Is this...the end for me? 
Without even knowing why? 
So matter-of-factly? 
To hell with that! 
Power...if I only had power...power to escape this place...power not to lose the world! 
...what...what is this? 
C.C: You desire power? 
Lelouch: That voice... 
The girl who was shot? 
C.C: You already possess the power you seek. 
It's merely imprisoned within the cage of amnesia. 
Remember...Remember who you really are...the power of the king... Now let the seal be broken..! 
Lelouch: I see now... 
Persistent irritation that pricked me like thorns in my everyday life. 
Yes...huh...it was all the phony memories implanted in me. 
But I remember now... 
I am...I am... 
I am... 
...Zero! 
Suzaku: Lelouch, I'm not asking for forgiveness. 
After all we're friends, aren't we? 
Lelouch: Yes...that's your answer, isn't it... Suzaku! 
Lelouch: Before you dispose of me, I'd like you to answer a question. 
O.S.I: That girl's still alive! 
O.S.I: Impossible! 
She was shot through the heart! 
Lelouch: If being powerless is so terribly wrong, then does having power make you right? 
Do you find vengeance evil? 
What's your value of friendship? 
Is it justice? 
O.S.I. 
commander: There is no justice or evil. 
The only truth that's left for you bait is the simple reality of death. 
Lelouch: I see. 
Then that reality is all that remains for you as well. 
I, Lelouch Vi Britannia command you... ...all of you...die! 
O.S.I. 
commander: It can't be-

O.S.I: Yes, Your Highness! 
Lelouch: Ever since that day, my heart simply couldn't accept it. 
This fake life I was never able to fit into. 
All the time that was lost. 
These false memories planted in me giving me a life as one of the herd. 
Yet...The truth continues to guide me toward itself. 
That's right! 
It wasn't me who was wrong. 
It was the world! 
The world has to change. 
So I will change it. 
Urabe: We've been waiting for you, Master Zero. 
Please give us your orders. 
Lelouch: Very well. 
Because, after all, I am Zero. 
The one who'll crash the world and the one who'll recreate the world anew. 
Suzaku: Yes, Your Majesty. 
I have no intention of assigning this task to anyone else. 
The one who will kill Zero shall be me. 
----------- [ED]

I can't forgive them, I mustn't forgive them! 
My memories are my personal and individual reality. 
They are the truth and that truth defines me. 
Someone trampled them. 
I was tamed like a domestic animal and then looked down upon as a mere bait. 
The time for payback is come. 
Now I'll give Britannia something to remember -- the true meaning of Zero's return to this world. 
Because I no longer have need for their deceptive rule. 
Imperial Calendar 2018, as the Holy Britannian Empire continues its drive to dominate the world, a lone rebel was resurrected.His name is Zero.A mysterious girl named C.C. has given him the power of Geass, the absolute power to compel anyone to obey him.Now, Zero was again challenging the Britannian conquerors of Japan.The once-proud nation now referred to only as Area 11.As his actions spread like a ripple through the world, how would they effect the people of this age?For the moment, no one knows. 
Britannian Army: What about the O.S.I. 
Forces that broke in first? 
Britannian Army: No contact with them yet. 
Britannian Army: The chaff density should be dropping now. 
Recon section 4! 
Britannian Army: The terrorists remain in battle inside of Babel Tower. 
They're believed to be members of the Black Knights. 
We've confirmed the presence of enemy Knightmare Frames. 
Britannian Army: All right. 
Special Weapons Britannian 7 will break in from below! 
Britannian Army: Yes, My Lord. 
The Black Knights: This is hopeless. 
Let's run for it. 
Kallen: Just hold out a little bit longer. 
Wait until Zero can get the layout of the building. 
We'll back you up but you got to stand firm! 
Lelouch...



Lelouch: It's true. 
I am Zero. 
Kallen: Ah...Zero! 
Suzaku: It's Lelouch! 
It's the man who's used the Japanese people, who's used you! 
You wanna defend a man like that, you? 
Zero...this is the end of you. 
Lelouch: I was defeated by the old me, by Suzaku and by my biggest enemy. 
He dragged me before the Britannian Emperor. 
Charles: The former 17th heir to the Imperial throne, Lelouch Vi Britannia. 
It's been a long time, hasn't it...my errant son? 
Lelouch: How dare you! 
Suzaku: You won't use your Geass. 
Your Majesty, I have a request. 
Please sire, allow me to join the Knights of the Round, the twelve strongest knights of the Britannian Empire. 
Charles: As a reward for capturing Zero, is that it? 
Lelouch: You...

Suzaku: I told you before, Lelouch, that I was going to change this world from inside. 
Lelouch: Even if it means selling out your friends?! 
Suzaku: That's right. 
Charles: Very well. 
I like the answer you just gave him. 
Now then, as a Knight of the Round, I order you...cover up Zero's left eye. 
Suzaku: Yes, Your Majesty. 
Charles: My unworthy son who raise the battle of rebellion although he was a prince. 
Still, there's another way we can make use of you. 
Lelouch: What? 
Charles: I will rewrite your memory about being Zero, about the death of your mother, about the very existence of Nunnally. 
Lelouch: No...Geass! 
Charles: You'll remember none of it. 
You'll just be insignificant. 
Lelouch: No, stop! 
You're stealing what is most precious to me again?! 
First, my mother and now you're taking Nunnally! 
Charles: Charles zi Britannia engraves into you...

Lelouch: Stop it! 
Charles: ...false memories of a false life! 
Lelouch: C.C....

C.C: Don't even think it. 
I'm not the one who gave him his Geass. 
Lelouch: Where is Nunnally now? 
C.C: We tried to find your sister... 
But with the Black Knights all but destroyed. 
That's why...

Lelouch: What about Sayoko? 
C.C: She and Diethard escaped to the Chinese Federation. 
She still doesn't know Zero's true identity. 
And she didn't know Nunnally's real importance, so she can't be blamed. 
Lelouch: I'll find the one who gave the Emperor his Geass and then get Nunnally. 
I had a younger sister, but not a younger brother! 
So who is he? 
Rolo: Thank goodness. 
You're Britannian soldiers, right? 
I'm looking for my big brother. 
Lelouch: This has the layout of the building and detail, but the ID code I need isn't here. 
So we can't commandeer this Knightmare, can we? 
Britannian Army: What are you doing there? 
That's a student's uniform, isn't it? 
Lelouch: Oh, you're a soldier. 
Thank goodness. 
We need to help this man at once. 
Britannian Army: Office of Secret Intelligence... What are the Emperor's personal agents doing here? 
Lelouch: Good. 
His reports are accurate. 
Calares's forces don't know about me. 
So I can use the data in this journal. 
Britannian Army: There's only one survivor? 
Lelouch: Yes, just you. 
Britannian Army: What? 
Lelouch: That's right. 
Now, give me your Knightmare. 
Britannian Army: I understand. 
The ID code is QR5-YK1D6. 
Lelouch: Thank you. 
C.C: Even though you need direct eye contact, are those theatrics necessary? 
Lelouch: I don't need comments from an immortal witch. 
Calares: The terrorists are staging a counterattack? 
Guilford: Yes, it seems that they've managed to capture some of our Knightmares. 
Calares: That's disgraceful. 
Guilford: Still, their numbers are small. 
If I could possibly join the battle. 
Calares: No, you're still a guest here and under our protection. 
As Viceroy, it's my place to go out there. 
Guilford: But...

Calares: I don't like the spices in Chinese food. 
However, I might enjoy it. 
Guilford: Huh...

Calares: A man hunt. 
Kallen: Let me see you burst, Britannian! 
Lelouch: Well done, Q1. 
Now, head up to level 21. 
P4, block the stairway. 
R5, left, 30 degrees. 
N1, fire barrage 50 meters ahead angle toward the ceiling. 
Britannian Army: Contact lost with Lord Emilio. 
Britannian Army: Change I.F.F. 
codes! 
Britannian Army: We have. 
Five times already! 
Britannian Army: Ortiz unit, wiped out. 
Britannian Army: Outrageous. 
Britannian Army: Who's directing these terrorists?! 
Calares: What are you doing? 
Britannian Army: Viceroy...

Urabe: So, Zero really is just a student, huh? 
Well, he is something special! 
The Black Knights: Zero supplied more stolen Sutherlands for us to use. 
Get on them fast! 
The Black Knights: With Zero here, we can win! 
The Black Knights: He'll make a miracle for us. 
He will! 
Britannian Army: Damn terrorists! 
Lelouch: Shouldn't Viceroy Calares be making his appearance soon? 
Kallen: It's going well. 
Lelouch: Kallen, I sent you to level 21. 
Kallen: I wanted to be here by your side. 
We're finally alone...just you and me...



Charles: It would seem that somebody is nibbling at the bait we left in Area 11. 
Suzaku: Is it C.C., Majesty? 
Charles: We do not know that. 
Kururugi, even among Knights of the Round, you are the first one ever allowed to enter this place. 
Even Schneizel and the others aren't aware of it. 
Suzaku: I'm honored, Your Majesty. 
But...why me? 
Charles: Because you are the only one of the Knights of the Round who knows....about Zero's identity and Geass. 
Suzaku: This place...is it a shrine? 
Charles: No, it's not. 
This is...this is a weapon for destroying God. 
Suzaku: A weapon? 
Charles: It is called the sword of Akasha. 
Lelouch: You who abandoned Zero at Kamine Island. 
What do you wanna tell me? 
Kallen: Lelouch, you were deceiving me right from the very beginning. 
Lelouch: About Zero being your classmate or about my Geass power? 
Which one has offended you. 
Kallen: Both of them... Tell me this. 
Did you use your Geass on me like you did the others? 
Did you twist my mind and my heart and make me follow you? 
Lelouch: Hahaha. 
Kallen: Lelouch! 
Lelouch: Your mind and your heart are yours alone as well as your loyalty and admiration for Zero. 
Kallen: Don't move! 
Lelouch: Kallen, you should be proud of what you did. 
You decided. 
You made the choice. 
You chose...Zero. 
You don't believe me? 
Kallen: I wanted to believe...so much that I become a slave. 
Lelouch: I see. 
Kallen: But, the one that I believe in is Zero, just him. 
It's not you, Lelouch! 
Lelouch: Well fine with me. 
By the way, are you ever going to change out of those clothes? 
Kallen: Don't look at me, you pervert! 
Lelouch: Oh, is that the way you talk to Zero now? 
Kallen: I'm saying it to you, Lelouch! 
Lelouch: Very well then. 
...Go ahead. 
C.C: Britannian reinforcements are here. 
The Black Knights: There's zillions of them. 
The Black Knights: What'll we do?! 
The Black Knights: We can't beat this many. 
There's no chance! 
Shirley: What's happening over there? 
Calares: Special Weapon Britannian 4 has begun to drop. 
Show the Chinese Federation, show them our emperor's might, the overwhelming power of our Holy Britannian Empire! 
Britannian Army: Yes, My Lord. 
Kallen: They're coming in from above, too. 
Lelouch: That's right. 
Viceroy Calares must have arrived. 
the escape would be difficult. 
That's why...I'm going to win. 
Britannian Army: Assault Team 2 now has control up to floor J.

Britannian Army: That leaves only one escape route the Black knights can use. 
Calares: And our main fighting force is right there waiting for them. 
Britannian Army: Yes, sir. 
We just need to drive them out. 
Calares: Set up our broadcast link quickly. 
We'll make extermination of these terrorists a media event. 
Lelouch: The Britannians must feel certain of their victory. 
That clears all tasks at hand. 
All that's left is your level, right? 
C.C: We'll be finished in ten minutes. 
Lelouch: Understood. 
We'll make a stand here to buy you time. 
C.C: What about Diethard's set up? 
Lelouch: The system is still running. 
Everything is going according to plan. 
The Black Knights: This is B2. 
A single enemy Knightmare is....Agh! 
Lelouch: What's wrong. 
The Black Knights: What's that...It was just there...

Lelouch: B2? 
What's going on? 
An enemy deactivating his IFF? 
Operating on his own? 
The Black Knights: Zero, this is P6. 
The enemy is...it's...Agh! 
Lelouch: P6! 
The Black Knights: This is R5. 
They destroyed R1! 
Lelouch: This isn't good. 
And he's headed right for me. 
Urabe: Zero, at the very least. 
You have to get out of here. 
We can move in and act as decoys. 
Sacrificial pawns for the plan...so please. 
Lelouch: That's wrong. 
You're mistaken, Urabe. 
If you consider yourselves disposable, you'll never beat the Britannians. 
The Black Knights: Captain Urabe. 
Urabe: Can you get there? 
The Black Knights: Yeah, the cargo loading dock, right? 
The Black Knights: Yes, it's a shortcut to this level. 
The Black Knights: Confirm. 
The Black Knights: Yes, I see. 
This looks like a mass-production prototype based on the Lancelot. 
Lelouch: I see. 
Still this is not the time to try capturing. 
Destroy it. 
The Black Knights: Understood. 
It vanished? 
Lelouch: Ah? 
The Black Knights: How'd it get over here?! 
Lelouch: Hold on. 
Are you saying the Knightmare disappeared? 
Lelouch: C.C! 
Aren't you finished preparing the level yet?! 
C.C: Why are you panicking? 
You have Kallen and Urabe with you. 
Lelouch: That's it, the aberration! 
You're out of your league. 
You aren't Suzaku. 
And your maneuvers are no match for real strategy. 
Kallen: We've got the advantage in close-range combat! 
Urabe: Too slow! 
Kallen: It vanished just like that...

Urabe: Fast as a god. 
Lelouch: That can't be. 
It's not physically possible. 
It must be something else. 
It's closing in! 
Lelouch: Urabe! 
Kallen: Oh, No! 
Urabe: Zero, I don't care if you're really a student or what your background is. 
And I know you meant it when you said we're not expendable. 
I knew that every fighter we've got counts. 
Kouzuki! 
Kallen: Ye...Yes. 
Urabe: Protect Zero. 
He's our last hope. 
And a hope is what our people need. 
Forgive me, Rakshata... 
Zero, save Japan! 
Help our people to lift their heads again and fight! 
The Four Holy Swords have proven our worth...

Lelouch: Urabe... 
Damn, use that teleportation again. 
No, wait! 
Kallen: I have to make my move now. 
This one's for Zero. 
C.C: I have more bad news for you. 
We are all finished here. 
Lelouch: Then it is done. 
Urabe...your sacrifice wasn't in vain. 
Hope begins now! 
Calares: Damn, terrorists! 
A suicide attack! 
Uncivilized monkeys! 
Britannian Army: All units lost. 
Contact lost...with all units! 
Britannian Army: Wh-What the...?! 
Britannian Army: 
Britannian Army: Acending from intercept to 1500 and circling

Kallen: That's it. 
The tower will smash the enemies above us and crush them as it falls! 
Lelouch: Not just that. 
Calares: No, it can't be! 
Lelouch: Your mistake was sealing off your escape route. 
And signaling your location like that made you so easy to target. 
HAHAHA. 
Good bye, Viceroy Calares...



Britannian Army: The Viceroy has been killed? 
Britannian Army: Where's Lord Cornwell? 
Britannian Army: He was with the Viceroy. 
Britannian Army: Then, who's next in the chain of command? 
Britannian Army: The minister of internal affairs. 
Britannian Army: A civil servant in charge now?! 
Guilford: This is no time to panic. 
I am taking command. 
This is not a grab for political power. 
It's a temporary measure. 
I swear it in the name of my princess. 
I ask for your cooperation. 
Britannian Army: The princess? 
Britannian Army: Does he mean Princess Cornelia? 
Britannian Army: In that case...

Britannian Army: ...right. 
Britannian Army: Yes, My Lord. 
Guilford: Thank you. 
I am grateful to you. 
Now then, I'll go to the scene to direct emergency rescue operations. 
Alfred, you contact the police. 
Bart, you remain here...

Alfred: What's that? 
Guilford: What's wrong? 
Lelouch: I am Zero! 
Citizen: Isn't that Zero? 
Citizen: No...

Citizen: I thought he was dead. 
Citizen: How could this happen? 
Citizen: It can't be the real Zero, can it? 
Lelouch: People of Japan. 
I have returned! 
Media representatives: Kill the video! 
Media representatives: I can't! 
It won't take my access code! 
Diethard: That's it! 
The Ω(omega) line that I set up! 
And the only one who knows about it ...is Zero! 
Yes, I knew you're still alive! 
Lelouch: Hear me, Britannia! 
All you who have power, heed my words carefully. 
I am burdened by sorrow. 
War and discrimination. 
Malicious deeds carried out by the strong. 
The same abhorrent interplay of tragedy and comedy. 
The world has not changed. 
The people still suffer. 
That is why the resurrection of Zero was necessary. 
So long as the strong oppress the weak, my rebellion will continue to grow! 
It begins today with the divine punishment I have brought upon the inept and foolish Viceroy Calares. 
Gino: Men of men, the Eleven's rebel leader sure popped back with a vengeance, right Suzaku? 
Britannian Army: Got it. 
The signal's coming from the Chinese Federation consulate. 
Claudio: Chinese Federation? 
Alfred: Has he defected? 
Guilford: They broke through our encirclement. 
Of course! 
They've stayed inside the fallen building. 
They've made Babel Tower itself their pathway. 
But, what about the Chinese Federation? 
Did they plan this out with them beforehand? 
Is that possible? 
Gino: Come on, Zero is dead, isn't he? 
Suzaku: Yes. 
Gino: So this guy is a fake? 
And whoever he is, if we'd just go over there and storm the consulate...

Suzaku: ...then we'd be breaking our treaty with them, risking an international incident. 
Gino: He's saying that he's Zero, and Zero killed our royals. 
That give this equal status with the EU war. 
Anya: It's a slippery slope either way. 
Kallen: Killing the viceroy and securing our escape route, he was able to do both at the same time. 
Xingke: Such cunning audacity is impressive...

Guilford: It's Zero. 
The real one! 
Lelouch: I shall fight against all those who abuse their power. 
Therefore once again, here and now, I declare the establishment of the United States of Japan! 
Xingke: Are you certain about this? 
We still haven't received direct orders from the empress. 
High Eunuch: Are you dissatisfied with my decision? 
Xingke: No...never mind...

High Eunuch: Zero, you've actually founded the United States of...

Suzaku: ...Japan. 
Villetta: Terrorists forming a nation? 
Lelouch: Starting from this moment, this room shall be the first dominion of the USJ. 
Rakshata: A nation consisting of just one room. 
That man is amusing as ever. 
Lelouch: Race, ideology and religion will not matter. 
Being a citizen will have but one requirement, to do that which is just! 
Xingke: I trust you understand the consequences if you force your way in. 
Britannian Army: All right. 
We'll settle this in diplomatic chambers later. 
Xingke: Zero... how useful will he prove to us in the end. 
If you're Britannian, you have already been asked to leave. 
Or are you one of Zero's followers? 
Rolo: I'm not sure. 
Which am I? 
Xingke: I'm not terribly fond of riddles. 
Rolo: Yes. 
I'm exactly the same way myself. 
What I wanna know is the truth. 
That's why I came here to kill Zero...
   Imperial Calendar Year 2017.The colony Japan now renamed Area 11, declared a war of independence against suzerain state of the Holy Britannian Empire.This uprising which came to be known as the Black Rebellion was marked by heavy bloodshed and ended with a second historic defeat for Japan.Since then, one year has passed.The terrorist known as Zero presumed dead has again appeared in Area 11.Zero leads an armed group of Japanese known as the Black Knights.His true identity Lelouch Lamperouge, the exiled prince of the Britannian Empire. 
Lelouch: Therefore once again, here and now I declare the establishment of the United States of Japan! 
Starting from this moment, this room shall be the first dominion of the U.S.J. 
Race, ideology or religion will not matter. 
Being a citizen will have but one requirement to do that which is just. 
Rolo: I came here to kill Zero. 
It's my cell phone. 
Nothing else. 
Lelouch: Rolo, are you okay? 
Rolo: Ah, Lelouch? 
Lelouch: Thank heaven. 
I was getting really worried because I couldn't get ahold of you. 
You are not hurt, are you? 
You're somewhere safe, right? 
Rolo: What's going on here? 
Is the Zero making the speech right now a different person? 
Big brother, where are you right now? 
Lelouch: Me? 
What are you talking about? 
Especially since...

Villetta: Hello, Rolo. 
It's me. 
Rolo: Ms.Villetta? 
Villetta: Lelouch came back to school. 
And he's making up all the classes that he missed. 
You should get back here soon, too. 
Rolo: Yes, ma'am. 
I understand. 
Xingke: Well then, are you finished with your phone call? 
Rolo: It seems all my business... is finished here. 
TV: The ragtag remnants of the Black Knights and the man claiming to be Zero are currently hiding in a section of the Chinese Federation consulate. 
However, there's no cause for alarm. 
Acting Viceroy Guilford has taken command of the army in the absence of wounded Viceroy Calares. 
The consulate has been completely surrounded and the public...

Kallen: You have the town jumping, Lelouch. 
C.C: Naturally. 
A new nation has just been created in their own territory. 
And not to mention of course, that it also just declared war on Britannia. 
What's the matter? 
Kallen: When did you two switch places. 
C.C: Before the speech. 
Kallen: But I...

C.C: His voice was rerecorded. 
The moment "he" appeared, it was already me, just like in a magic show. 
Kallen: You planned it on your own. 
We don't like it when you keep secrets from us. 
C.C: "We" don't like it? 
You mean "you" don't like it, do you? 
Milly: Lelouch, open the oven! 
Lelouch: Yeah, yeah. 
Milly: Some salt. 
Frying pan. 
A fresh egg. 
Bechamel sauce. 
Put the gelato on another plate. 
Oh, and add the rosemary to the sorbet. 
Then add the dill to the sauerkraut. 
The black forests cake needs...

Lelouch: I can't do this by myself! 
Why do you only keep asking me to help with that all? 
Milly: We didn't have a choice. 
Rivalz has no sense of taste and of course she is...

Lelouch: Well, after all she isn't the most focused person in the world. 
Milly: Oh just behave and do what you told now. 
Usually a character like you would act as the type who couldn't earn a living. 
Rivalz: And he keeps a book of his household spending. 
Lelouch: How did you know that?! 
Rivalz: Oh, jeez. 
You really do? 
Want a towel? 
Shirley: I will get it myself, thank you. 
Lelouch: President, can I ask something? 
Milly: Certainly, although I may choose not to answer you. 
Lelouch: So today, we are celebrating Rolo and me coming back alive. 
Milly: you two escaped that terror attack all right? 
Shirley was practically out of her mind, poor girl. 
"Oh if my Lelu has been killed, ah ..."

Rivalz: Hey, where is Rolo? 
Milly: I spoke with him but you know, the boy is a lot more sensitive than his older brother. 
Rivalz: That's partly why he doesn't have any friends, isn't it ? 
Shirley: You should simply say he is quiet. 
Milly: Ah... not that I mind your dirty hands on my mouth but...

Shirley: Alright. 
I'm sorry

Lelouch: Nobody remembers anything about Nunnally. 
My little sister has been replaced by a pretend little brother. 
I wasn't the only one whose memory was rewritten. 
Entire student council has been manipulated with as well. 
How dare they... 



O.S.I: Even after the Babel Tower incidence, Lelouch Lamperouge has shown no special changes. 
O.S.I: There are 180 cameras on campus, as well as 47 under cover observers. 
That's 48 observers, we found no clues or information that could connect Lelouch with the destruction of Carthage's unit. 
Villetta: Surveillance is perfect. 
He has no opportunity to use his Geass. 
If he is Zero, it would be odd if he returned here to the school. 
Rolo: And what's the status of C.C.? 
Where is she? 
Villetta: If she is not in close proximity to Lelouch, then the odds are very slim that she would be in a consulate. 
Rolo: You mean things are the same as they were before the incident. 
You have still no clue where C.C. is. 
Villetta: Those of us in the Office of Secret Intelligence will carry on our mission to capture her. 
People, continue observing the bait as you have been. 
O.S.I: Yes, My Lord. 
Lelouch: The enemy's center is where their surveillance data is transmitted. 
I can just keep acting the way I have been but the problem is Nunnally. 
The fact that all memory of her has been erased from everyone's minds tells me she would never show up here at school. 
In short, the probability is high that the Britannian Emperor has my sister now. 
I'm dealing with the man who'd use his own children as pawns. 
If they learn that I've regained my memories and that I've reverted to being Zero, Nunnally would be in danger. 
I have to plan my movements carefully. 
First, I'll trick the people they have spying on me. 
And then...

Villetta: Lelouch, make sure you come to class tomorrow. 
You hear? 
Lelouch: Yes, I hear you. 
Coach Villetta, you really should have more faith in me. 
Villetta Nu, a woman I once used my Geass on. 
I can use my Geass power on a person only once, which means it won't work on her any more. 
That leaves my brother Rolo, who shouldn't even exist. 
Why don't I begin by gradually subduing him? 
----------

E.U.Army: Italian state forces are holding strong on the right flank, too. 
E.U.Army: The victory Bordeaux drink tonight will be a fine vintage. 
E.U.Army: Unknown craft approaching from above! 
E.U.Army: What? 
E.U.Army: The Lancelot. 
E.U.Army: Britannia's white death. 
E.U.Army: Knights of the Round here in the front line? 
Suzaku: Please surrender. 
You have no chance of winning. 
Anyone who throws his weapon down will not be shot. 
E.U.Army: Of all the impertinent ! 
E.U.Army: Destroy it. 
E.U.Army: Damn it! 
He's only one knight. 
Suzaku: Then so be it. 
Do you want more? 
Kanon: Allowing him to conduct solo operation, are you sure? 
Kururugi used to be your subordinate, your Highness. 
Schneizel: He's now the Knight of Seven and reports directly to His Majesty. 
Kanon: Yes, My Lord. 
Schneizel: He has been elevated in rank. 
He's to be admired. 
The world today is overflowing with despair. 
That's why he uses his humility and sense of duty as a compass to guide him through these dark times. 
----------

Lelouch: Nina's gone, too. 
I wonder if Suzaku took Arthur with him. 
Rolo: What's up? 
How come you looking through the album? 
Hey, that's the student council marathon dance fire isn't it? 
Lelouch: You know the Prez, she runs us ragged with all these events she likes to put on. 
Rolo: Oh, that's the broken heart contest. 
Lelouch: Talk about sad irony. 
The Prez dumps on Rivalz's heart then presents him with the award for wining. 
Rolo: Weird, how you happen to escape? 
You heard the news, didn't you? 
Our military had Babel tower completely surrounded. 
So how did you do it? 
How did you manage to get pass them? 
Lelouch: What are you talking about, Rolo? 
Do you want to know how I got away from the military or did you mean to say terrorists? 
I took an emergency corridor. 
I tried to call you, but my cell won't work in that particular area. 
Rolo: I see. 
Lelouch: Locket. 
That's right. 
I remember giving it to Rolo for his birthday. 
No, that's wrong. 
October 25th is not his birthday. 
It's Nunnally's birthday. 
Rolo, give me that locket. 
Rolo: Huh? 
Lelouch: I don't know what I was thinking. 
That's not a good gift for a guy. 
I'll get you something at...

Rolo: Don't take it. 
You gave it to me. 
It's mine. 
Please don't, don't take it back. 
Lelouch: Sure fine. 
You keep it then, Rolo. 
Rolo: Right. 
We haven't observed any changes in Lelouch's behavior. 
There are no indications that he used his Geass, either. 
Villetta: The order won't divulge the secrets of Geass due to its religious nature...

O.S.I: Sorry, I can see you're busy. 
It can wait. 
Villetta: Rolo, no. 
He's one of us. 
He's on the same mission we are... 
Wait for orders. 
Rolo: There's a chance he overheard us. 
Knowledge of Geass is restricted to just us two in the Tokyo section. 
We can't take the risk. 
Villetta: But still, how many of our agents have you killed so far? 
Rolo: It was the quickest and most certain method to keeping the secret, or am I wrong? 
Kallen: It's been 3 days since the United States of Japan was established. 
I doubt Britannia's going to keep glaring at us indefinitely. 
There's even talk about ousting the council general back in the Chinese Federation's homeland. 
And yet, we still haven't received any instructions from Lelouch. 
What on earth is he doing? 
You really are Zero, aren't you? 
...Of course! 
Gao Hai: I can drag out the extradition negotiations with Britannians. 
I think I might be able to buy us up to a week. 
C.C: I'll report that to Zero. 
As for the Chinese Federation government...

Kallen: C.C, I was just thinking. 
Wouldn't it've made more sense for you to play the bunny girl? 
Gao Hai: Zero is a girl? 
C.C: Correct. 
Kallen: I'm not Zero. 
C.C: Oh, you let on too soon. 
You have no sense of humor, do you? 
Kallen: Don't play around with Zero. 
C.C: We can see you. 
Xingke: It's a pleasure to meet you, Ms. Kallen Kouzuki. 
You are the pilot of the Guren Mk-II, right? 
Kallen: How did you...? 
Xingke: I'm someone who takes in avid interest in you people. 
The Black Knights: There's trouble. 
It's Ohgi and the other prisoners. 
Guilford: Can you hear me Zero? 
Listen closely, I am Lord Gilbert G.P. 
Guilford, knight of her Royal Highness, Cornelia li Britannia. 
Beginning tomorrow at fifteen hundred hours, these two and fifty six special class-A felons, who are guilty of treason against the empire will all be executed for their crimes. 
Zero, if you value the lives of your people, then you will face me, one on one in an honorable duel. 
If you'll not...

Lelouch: Guilford, you've really gone and done it now. 
Shirley: Lelu, are you in here all by yourself? 
Lelouch: Yeah, Shirley don't you have swim club now? 
Shirley: Yes, I do but you see I have to go shopping because I have to buy a birthday gift. 
Lelouch: Whose birthday? 
Shirley: Ms. Villetta, our counselor. 
They all agree I should buy it since I'm always the one who gets her mad. 
Problem is I'm incredibly impaired of picking out present. 
She seems to enjoy liquor I could buy her that, but I don't know a brand she likes. 
Lelouch: Should I go with you? 
Shirley: Huh? 
Lelouch: I could help you select the present for her. 
Shirley: Y-You would? 
Seriously? 
Lelouch: Sure, you ready to go? 
Shirley: Yeah. 
Rivalz: Oh, right. 
Now I've got my scoop. 
Thank you guys. 
C.C: Since you are unable to control your Geass, this is for your protection. 
Lelouch: It only has to block optical data, so a normal color contact lens would work fine. 
C.C: Don't try to prove for information. 
As you've already guessed, you're holding a special lens. 
Although, should your Geass grow stronger than what you have now...

Lelouch: We'll just have to end this game before that happens. 
Rolo: Are you going out? 
Lelouch: Yeah, I have to help pick out a gift. 
It's a present for Ms. Villetta's birthday. 
Rolo: Her birthday!? 
I see. 
I guess birthdays are important, aren't they? 
Lelouch: Well, I'd better be going. 
Rolo: See you later. 
Milly: Rolo. 
Rolo: Oh, Miss President! 
Milly: Rolo, you come along, too. 
It'll be fun to chat. 
Lelouch: Hum, I've learned about wines but never tried any. 
Shirley: I'd love there. 
How about this stuff? 
Lelouch: Maybe those are too sweet. 
How about a Sopron. 
Shirley: Could this be a date? 
If it's not, I'll make it one then. 
Lelouch: Just as I planned, although I didn't think they bring Rolo, too. 
Typical of Milly. 
Milly: What a great topic for a next meeting of the Society of Research on Male-Female dating. 
Rolo: Am... right. 
Rivalz: Yeah, but is it fair for him to follow his own brother? 
Milly: You're as interested as we are, aren't you? 
She may end up being your family member. 
Rivalz: She's right. 
Rolo: Family...

O.S.I: Target is taking assumed route "Zebra". 
Villetta: Roger. 
Switch off with group 7. 
Group two, watch for contact with C.C. O.S.I: Yes, My Lord. 
Cleaning the perimeter. 
Rolo: Can it be that he really isn't Zero? 
Lelouch: They specifically set a trap at Babel Tower. 
Which means my enemy isn't the settlement's viceregal government. 
Well I can't tell for certain who's watching me. 
The system itself that they are using has flaws in it. 
Villetta: If he is Zero, he won't ignore the execution of his people tomorrow. 
Maybe his memory truly hasn't returned. 
Lelouch: Excuse me, how do I fill this part out? 
Store staff: Pardon? 
Lelouch: Sorry, but could you do me a favor, please? 
Store staff: Sure, what can I do for you? 
Lelouch: Well, it's like this. 
Lelouch: I'm back. 
What were you looking at? 
Shirley: Oh, hum...that. 
I was just wishing I could take a ride on that cable cars sometime. 
Lelouch: It's my fault. 
My fault that Shirley's memories were wiped. 
Milly and Rivalz, too. 
Their memories rewritten without their consent. 
I just can't let things go the way they are. 
When this is all over, I swear. 
I'll...

Shirley: What's the matter? 
Lelouch: The Prez and others are following us. 
Shirley: What? 
Where? 
Lelouch: Shirley, I thought of a terrific idea. 
O.S.I: Target entering store, Alpha-14. 
It's a small shop. 
There's a risk I'll blow my cover if I follow. 
Villetta: Cover the front of the place. 
I'll send three people to cover the rear. 
Lelouch: OK. All I want you to do is pretend I'm in here for a while. 
Shirley: What are you going to do? 
Lelouch: I'm going to sneak out of the store and surprise the Prez and others. 
Shirley: Sure. 
I gotcha. 
Lelouch: I don't normally shop here. 
I hope they don't have any surveillance cameras or microphones. 
Shirley thinks this is only a harmless prank. 
Even on the off-chances that something goes wrong, I won't cause any trouble for her. 
I used my Geass to make the preparations. 
Now all I have to do. 
Security guard: Hello, Omotesando Mall Security. 
May I help you? 
The Black Knights? 
Lelouch: We have planted a bomb in the mall and we will detonate it if all our following demands are not met immediately. 
Rolo: No, he can't be Zero. 
Announcement: Paging Mr. Maximillian from the Hakodate settlement. 
Paging Mr. Maximillian from the Hakodate settlement. 
You have a phone call. 
Store staff: That means a...

Store staff: A terrorist warning. 
Store staff: It must be the Black Knights. 
Store staff: Zero's been resurrected. 
Store staff: Keep your voices down. 
Store staff: The customers will hear. 
Store staff: But...

O.S.I: A bomb threat has just been made to Omotesando mall, my lord. 
Villetta: OK. 
Hold your positions. 
Prepare for contact from C.C.! 
Lelouch: All tasks at hand have been cleared except for the detonator. 
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1. 
Man: It's the Black Knight. 
Man: Terrorists? 
O.S.I: What's happening? 
What the hell? 
Rivalz: Rolo, what's going on? 
Milly: Rolo, don't run off. 
Shirley: Rolo? 
Rolo: He's gone. 
O.S.I: We've lost the target, my lord. 
O.S.I: What should we do about the info that we got from Scorpion. 
Villetta: Where's Rolo? 
O.S.I: All cell phone call's are being jammed to maintain cynic order. 
O.S.I: My lord, should we act on Scorpion's info or not? 
Villetta: Very well. 
I'll go myself. 
Lelouch: And that's just one easy way to cause panic. 
Rolo: What's his location? 
No one's here. 
Where are they? 
Lelouch: It seems they've gone looking for C.C. Rolo: I see. 
You really have awakened. 
Lelouch: I put the man who was following me under my absolute control and turned him into my slave. 
Just as I thought, your top priority was the capture of C.C. No matter how wrong the information is that you get. 
As of this moment, this gilded prison of a school will become my castle, my fortress of freedom. 
And as for you, dear brother, I'll make you my pawn to find Nunnally. 
What? 
Geass?! 
You stopped time? 
Rolo: Lelouch, now you and your demonic eye will die. 
The Black Knights: Zero! 
Emergency! 
The Chinese Federation just...

Xingke: Here and now you accursed Black Knights will be vanquished. 
For now, there is still tomorrow. 
For Lelouch Lamperouge, it is tomorrow he can dream of. 
And that dream is based on Geass the power given to him by a mysterious girl named C.C. It is the unique ability to compel anyone to obey him. 
Using his Geass, Lelouch is determined to destroy the Holy Britannian Empireto avenge the death of his mother and create a world where his younger sister Nunnally can live in peace. 
Japan is now a colony known only as Area 11. 
Here his vow was made to change the world. 
---------- [OP]

Man: uh, a child? 
Rolo: That's right. 
I can't remember how many people I killed. 
Nobody counts the number of times they brush their teeth or eat a meal, same with this. 
My Geass is suited to assassination. 
That's what I was told. 
So I killed. 
There was no other place for me. 
And undercover operation, I'll be playing someone's little brother?! 
Are you sure this is the right assignment for me? 
I've never known any parents or family. 
So it doesn't seem... No, if that's the order I'm given, then my big brother shall be Lelouch Lamperouge. 
Lelouch: Your Geass is the power to stop time? 
Rolo: I have no reason to answer you. 
The orders given to me are as follows. 
If Lelouch Lamperouge's memories return, if Zero is awakened, then he is to die. 
Lelouch: ...16...17...18...19...

Rolo: What's that? 
Why are you counting? 
Lelouch: Since the moment you appeared, I've been counting the seconds to myself carefully one by one. 
But now the count is out of sync. 
Now why do you think that is? 
Lelouch: I'll make you my pawn to find Nunnally. 
Lelouch: Rolo, you can't stop time. 
No one can. 
You've just altered my sense of time. 
Rolo: Understanding that doesn't help you. 
You still can't beat me. 
That's absolute. 
No one can live in the same time flow with me. 
Lelouch: You're correct, Rolo, but that doesn't help you, either. 
You'd like to kill me now, but you can't. 
And we both know the reason why. 
If I die, you won't gain either of the two things that you want. 
Rolo: Two things? 
Lelouch: First, you won't get C.C. for whom I've been the bait in your hunt. 
But if you let me go, I can draw her out for you. 
I'll help you get her. 
Rolo: You would sell out C.C. like that? 
Lelouch: She isn't worth my own life. 
Survival comes first. 
Rolo: And what's the other thing? 
Lelouch: Your life. 
Rolo: Like I care about that. 
Lelouch: Rolo, what is the future? 
The future is hope. 
Without hope, your life is on hold, empty, waiting. 
And you have no hope beyond your mission, Rolo. 
If you capture C.C., what sort of future will it open for you? 
Things will just go on as they are, and nothing will change. 
Rolo: But this is my mission. 
Lelouch: Kill me, and your mission will never be completed. 
You wanna capture C.C., don't you? 
Tomorrow, I'll lure C.C. out and she'll be yours. 
Once that's done, your new future will begin. 
Don't worry. 
I would never lie to you. 
Not to you anyway. 
Kallen: This reminds me of Aomori. 
C.C: It isn't as bad as that was. 
At least everyone here is wearing their clothes. 
Kallen: Zero used his Geass on the council general, right? 
So why are they doing this now? 
C.C: Who knows? 
Still if they run us out of here, then we and Lelouch will be...split up all over again. 
How unexpected. 
You came alone. 
Kallen: I thought the United States of Japan have been recognized by the Chinese Federation Council General. 
Xingke: He's going to be disposed of. 
Or do the Black Knights choose to take the path of destruction right here? 
Kallen: Hold it. 
You can't just spring the...

C.C: I see. 
You can arrange it so it appears the council general is killed fighting us. 
Kallen: C.C.! 
C.C: It seems Zero was pulling a trigger he never meant to pull. 
Will this be noble ambition or base treachery? 
Lelouch: Convincing Rolo to wait bought me a little bit of time. 
As long as he thinks he can get C.C., he won't report that I've regained my memories. 
Still what's his motivation? 
It doesn't seem to be a desire for promotion in Britannia or simple royalty. 
Is there some other line of question I should be following? 
That's a dangerous card but it has its merits. 
I don't have any time to hesitate because tomorrow Tohdoh and the others are scheduled for execution. 
So what do I do? 
Rolo knows about my Geass now. 
Even if I managed to kill him somehow, the O.S.I. 
would know that I've regained my memories. 
If that happens, Nunnally will be... 
Seems I'll have to keep playing student till I can rescue Nunnally. 
Fortunately, Guilford's men and the Office of Secret Intelligence don't seem to share information. 
That explains why they haven't found the Knightmare I hid. 
But that's all I have in my favor. 
So what should I do? 
How do I save the Black Knights and neutralize Rolo at the same time? 
O.S.I: Unacceptable. 
Did this kid kill Bruno in cold blood or not? 
O.S.I: And he was the fifth one. 
O.S.I: All Victor did was touch the kid's locket and the next thing...

Villetta: Victor had his own personality problems. 
O.S.I: You don't kill a man because of that! 
O.S.I: Now that there's this guy claiming to be Zero, we have to get our priority straight and pull the team together. 
O.S.I: That's exactly right and I'm not teaming up with the freakin' angel of death! 
Rolo: Team? 
The mission is what's important, isn't it? 
Who cares about the team? 
Tamaki: Hey Ohgi, is this new Zero the same as our Zero? 
Ohgi: I wish I knew. 
Chiba: Either way, don't get your hopes up. 
He'll probably abandon us again. 
Guilford: What was the source of the explosion in the consulate? 
: They haven't issued a formal statement. 
: They've given their approval for the executions. 
That's all we heard. 
Guilford: These executions are crude show to frighten the Elevens. 
What a vulgar approach this is. 
Bart: Do you think Zero will dare to show himself? 
Guilford: Even if he doesn't, we still come out ahead. 
If this Zero can't pull off a miracle, he'll never gain the support of the people. 
Claudio: You've thought it through that far, Lord Guilford? 
Guilford: In any case, I want him to show up. 
Or rather, I pray deeply that he does for the sake of Her Highness wherever she is now. 
Xingke: Why did you recognize the U.S.J. 
on your own, without confirmation from the Vermilion Forbidden City? 
Even if you are one of the High Eunuchs, that was unforgivable. 
Just what were you planning to use Zero for? 
Gao Hai: I've no intention to use Zero for anything. 
Zero must be pleased in every way. 
Xingke: And the Empress is feeling on this? 
Gao Hai: That little wench doesn't matter. 
The absolute law is that Zero shall bring happiness to me. 
Xingke: Shivering traitor! 
The crimson dynasty is dead. 
Lelouch: It's no use. 
Killing him, controlling the data, disguising it... No matter what plan I come up with, Rolo remains an obstacle. 
I need to confirm this data before the execution starts. 
TV: It looks like the execution will be getting underway shortly. 
Once again, these are the rebel terrorists who formerly call themselves the Black Knights. 
Will Zero appear to stop the execution of his followers? 
Citizen: Oh Zero...please. 
Citizen: General Tohdoh...

Citizen: Don't kill them. 
Chiba: Zero betrayed us when we needed him most. 
I doubt he'll show up to save us. 
Tamaki: He's gonna come. 
If he's the real one, if he's alive, then somehow someway he'll make a miracle happen. 
Tohdoh: Miracle, huh? 
Villetta: Maintain tight surveillance. 
It's a long shot but it's possible that C.C. might show up. 
Kaname Ohgi...this is the end. 
David: Show yourself, Zero. 
My father, Andreas Darlton shall be avenged at last. 
Lelouch: I have top secret orders from headquarters. 
Communications are being intercepted, so I'm to deliver them to you face to face. 
Rolo: Right, I'll be borrowing your identity. 
Kallen: Tell me. 
How are we supposed to interpret this? 
Xingke: If Zero appears, you're free to do whatever you wish. 
C.C: So even if we start shooting at Britannians, you can pretend that you know nothing about it? 
Xingke: That's not such a bad deal, is it? 
C.C: You may be a military officer but you can play politics as well, I see. 
Britannian Army: Sir Kimmel, any problems with the A.S.E.E.C. 
mass-pro unit? 
It may have some glitches left from when the O.S.I. 
was using it. 
It's a high-value apparatus. 
Report in if it malfunctions in any way. 
Rolo: This is Kimmel. 
No problems with Vincent. 
Moving out. 
Lelouch, if you don't keep your promise, you'll die. 
Britannian Army: Lord Guilford. 
TV: It's almost time for the execution. 
The remaining members of the Black Knights shall feel the judgement of justice. 
Citizen: Zero, please. 
Citizen: We're waiting for you. 
Citizen: To make a miracle. 
Guilford: Elevens, the Zero who you believed in has not appeared. 
It has all been a deception. 
I challenged him to a fair and honest duel, and he has sculked away like a coward. 
Take aim. 
Tamaki: Don't do it! 
Kallen: My friends. 
C.C: Don't move, if you go out now, you'll just die with them. 
Kallen: I know but...

Ohgi: It's all right. 
We fought well. 
Now let's die well. 
Lelouch: You're mistaken. 
You're wrong, Guilford. 
Kallen: He showed up, but still. 
C.C: Hold back, we can't jump into this. 
If he is by himself, what can he do? 
Guilford: I see. 
You snuck up behind me, Zero. 
Lelouch: Guilford, those aren't terrorists you are executing. 
They are the Black Knights, soldiers of the army of the United States of Japan. 
Guilford: You expect me to recognize them as prisoners of war? 
Ohgi: It's Zero! 
Rolo: So you did come as expected. 
But if you break your promise to me, I'll kill you, Zero or rather Lelouch Lamperouge. 
TV: It's Zero. 
Zero has appeared. 
What a reckless, foolhardy move. 
Asahina: Zero? 
Chiba: Yes but why? 
Ohgi: Is it the real Zero? 
Tamaki: Of course. 
It's really him. 
Zero! 
Citizen: I remember they announced their execution but...

Citizen: That's how it's been reported. 
Citizen: No. 
TV: He's alone. 
Zero is all alone. 
He is riding atop a Knightmare Frame. 
So apparently he's not here to surrender. 
However, if he intends to fight alone. 
Kaguya: See? 
He came just like I said he would. 
Diethard: Then let's proceed with the operational plan that we started last year. 
Rakshata: Assuming that Zero can wiggle out of the tight squeeze he's got himself into. 
Diethard: Sayoko, I would like you to begin making the arrangements for our future. 
Villetta: Where's Lelouch? 
O.S.I: He's with Rolo at the theater. 
They've been in there for the last half hour. 
Lelouch: It's been quite a while, Lord Guilford. 
Why don't you come out? 
We can talk about the good old days. 
Guilford: Tempting as that invitation is, I'll stay where I am. 
We'll just settle our past grudges from the insides of our Knightmares. 
Kallen: If Guilford won't come out, Zero can't use his Geass. 
Lelouch: How predictable of you. 
Then let's set some rules. 
Guilford: Rules? 
Lelouch: The rules of our duel. 
We'll settle this one on one. 
Guilford: Very well. 
No one else will interfere with our combat. 
Lelouch: We will each have one weapon. 
Guilford: Agreed. 
I choose this as my weapon. 
Lelouch: And for mine, I shall borrow that shield. 
Guilford: What? 
But that's...

Lelouch: It will do. 
Rolo: He is going into battle with the riot shield? 
So could it be possible that he is...

Tohdoh: Running to kill himself?! 
Xingke: You disappointed me, Zero. 
The Chinese Federation Army: What shall we do? 
Xingke: I owe him a debt for giving me a perfect excuse to get rid of that parasite of a eunuch. 
However, this is hardly a pledge of enduring harmony. 
If Zero turns out to be incompetent, then we'll just use the Black Knights as our diplomatic tools. 
Lelouch: I have a question for you, Lord Guilford. 
What do you do when there is an evil you cannot defeat by just means? 
Do you stain your hands with evil to destroy evil? 
Or do you remain steadfastly just in righteous even if it means surrendering to evil? 
C.C: In either case, evil remains. 
Xingke: A paradox, is it merely word play? 
Guilford: In the name of Cornelia, I choose justice. 
Lelouch: I understand. 
In my case, I commit evil to destroy the greater evil. 
Britannian army: Yes, Your Highness. 
Guilford: What the...

Asahina: An earthquake. 
Tohdoh: No, this strategy is...

Rolo: The same one from the Black Rebellion! 
Alfred: Infantry Unit 12, go to the control room on level 4. 
Zero's men are in there! 
Lelouch: Kallen, charge in and take command. 
Kallen: Right. 
Autonomous armored knights, follow me. 
Remember, rescuing Ohgi and the others has top priority! 
Britannian army: Alpha-4 to Alpha-1...

Guilford: Disgraceful

Bart: Yeah, one on one, my ass! 
Guilford: No, Bart! 
Lelouch: Black Knights, listen. 
The enemy around me has fallen into our territory. 
Wipe out the Britannian Forces and save your comrades. 
Ohgi: Our comrades...

Xingke: He used the very structure of their settlement against them? 
The Black Knights: Hurry up. 
Release everyone before the Britannian Forces can regroup! 
O.S.I: They're going to escape right into the Chinese Federation. 
Villetta: C.C. is our primary operational target. 
Leave the military issues to Lord Guilford. 
Alfred: These damn terrorists! 
Kallen: Britannia, you're on notice. 
This is Japanese territory now! 
Alfred: There is no Japan. 
Kallen: Oh really? 
That's why I hate Britannians! 
Alfred: Good bye, Eleven ace! 
It's blocked at this close range? 
Kallen: This is the radiant wave surger. 
The moment you came in close, my victory was assured. 
So long! 
Edgar: Alfred! 
How dare you? 
Claudio: Don't shoot. 
This is Chinese Federation's territory. 
Edgar: But...

Claudio: There are broadcast cameras all over. 
Britannian army: The Vincent. 
The Vincent's charged inside! 
Kallen: I can't move from here. 
Run for it! 
Lelouch: You've come. 
You've finally come, Rolo. 
Rolo: So you're running after all. 
So much for your promise to give me C.C. Lelouch, you were lying to me from the start. 
Lelouch: Not yet. 
I can't get caught yet! 
Rolo: All that talk about giving me a future. 
Lelouch: I can't die here! 
Rolo: As long as I complete my mission, I'll open the way to my future. 
Oh, no...I can't stop a physical object. 
It's gonna be a direct hit. 
Am I gonna die at place like this? 
: David, stop. 
If you hit the Chinese Federation Consulate, it'll start a war with them. 
David: Understood. 
Rolo: But why? 
Why did you save me? 
Why would you? 
Lelouch: Because you're my little brother. 
The memories may have been planted in me, but the time that you and I spent together was real. 
Rolo: You're saying all the things we did up to now, they weren't lies? 
Lelouch: Because you're my little brother. 
Rolo: Brother? 
Me? 
That day...I've never had a birthday before...and for the first time... What about when you told me your life was more important? 
Yet you risked your life for this. 
Lelouch: I made a promise to you. 
I promised you a new future. 
Your future is with me. 
Guilford: Zero, our grudges will be settled now with one resounding blow from this iron hammer! 
What?! 
Sir Kimmel, what's the meaning of this?! 
Rolo: No, I just...

Guilford: Don't tell me. 
You're one of Zero's men. 
Rolo: No...I... 
If Lelouch dies, then my mission is... No, but what am I doing? 
Yes? 
Lelouch: Rolo, trouble. 
It's Ms. Villetta. 
I'll connect you on the conference. 
Villetta: Rolo, where did you go? 
Lelouch: Ms. Villetta, come on. 
We cannot at least go to the bathroom in piece, can we? 
So what are we calling about. 
Villetta: About the Chinese Consulate, of course. 
Lelouch: Oh yeah. 
Looks like a real mess down there. 
Rolo: Oh no. 
If they find out what's happened, I...will be thrown out of the O.S.I. 
Even that person would...

Lelouch: I understand. 
I'll keep my little brother out of danger like that. 
Of course not. 
Place where people are being killed is no place for a boy like Rolo. 
Xingke: Britannians, this is your last warning. 
Any further action will be taken as armed intervention. 
Withdraw at once! 
Tamaki: He-hey! 
Kallen: Thank goodness, Ohgi! 
Ohgi: Thanks Kallen from all of us. 
Kallen: And Tohdoh and the others. 
Thank goodness. 
Tohdoh: Sorry for being so much trouble. 
Asahina: It must have been hard for you. 
Kallen: And for you as well. 
Tamaki: Hey, who is in that Knightmare over there. 
Kallen: I don't know. 
It was an enemy unit, but I'm not sure who's piloting it now. 
C.C: Zero was protected. 
Whoever it is, it's not an adversary. 
Rolo: C.C. is right there, but now I can't take her in. 
Lelouch: From the beginning, you never felt you belong with Britannia. 
You belong with me. 
He's mine now. 
Only an amateur leaves data like this lying around the control room. 
Apart from his Geass, he is nothing to me. 
Leaving me this guy's password was very convenient. 
And it worked like a charm. 
David: Pattern Delta...

Lelouch: Correct. 
When Zero's unit takes that course, aim carefully and shoot the pursuing Knightmare from behind. 
After that, if Zero escapes, destroy the opposing Knightmare completely. 
If he does not escape, go into stand-by mode and wait orders. 
David: Right. 
I've got it. 
Lelouch: Trying to take Nunnally's place, you little phony. 
I'll use you up and then throw you away like a piece of trash. 
Tamaki: Long live the Black Knights. 
Hip, hip, hooray! 
Kallen: What happened to that Knightmare? 
The one that saved Zero. 
C.C: It escaped using a route Xingke gave us. 
Lelouch: Xingke? 
Kallen: The Chinese Federation guy I mentioned. 
Lelouch: I see. 
Then I'll be sure to make use of that route as well. 
Kallen: So was that pilot the same one from Babel Tower? 
Lelouch: Because of what happened to Urabe, I won't tell you his name. 
Simply think of him as a person who supports our cause. 
C.C: You didn't use your Geass on him, did you? 
Lelouch: As it turned out I didn't need to. 
Anyway, C.C., about the Emperor...

Kallen: Now wait a minute. 
You'll keep the pilot a secret from me? 
Lelouch: So what? 
There're times when I like to keep secrets, too. 
Kallen: Are you speaking as Zero or Lelouch right now? 
Lelouch: It's not as if everyone knows about our relationship, do they. 
Kallen: Stop saying weird stuff like that, all right? 
C.C: And your true identity? 
Kallen and I are the only ones among the group who know who you really are. 
Lelouch: That's secret, too. 
Kallen: Lelouch, do you still want me to be the captain of Zero's personal forces I have been? 
Lelouch: I do. 
Kallen: Understood. 
I'll consider that. 
Roger and out. 
Lelouch: I'm counting on you now. 
C.C: We'll talk about Geass later. 
There are more pressing matters. 
Lelouch: Very well. 
I catch your drift. 
Sugiyama: Here it is. 
Man, I 've missed my old uniform. 
Tamaki: Rock'n'roll! 
The Black Knights: I can't believe they had all this ready for us. 
The Black Knights: They say Captain Kouzuki and Urabe arranged it. 
The Black Knights: Oh, man. 
Tohdoh: Oh, I see. 
And you say Urabe died well? 
Kallen: Yes. 
Asahina: You should just confess already. 
Chiba: What do you mean by "confess"? 
The Black Knights: It's Zero. 
Chiba: Hold it, hold it. 
While we appreciate you rescuing us, Zero, we wouldn't have been captured in the first place, if you hadn't betrayed us the way you did. 
Asahina: Don't you owe us an explanation? 
Ohgi: What happened? 
We deserve to know. 
Lelouch: Everything is for victory over Britannia. 
Tamaki: Okay. 
Go on. 
Lelouch: That's all. 
Asahina: Huh? 
Nothing more to say? 
No apologies? 
No excuses? 
Tohdoh: Stop it. 
Zero, were your actions intended to give us a chance of winning? 
Lelouch: I'm always focused on getting results. 
Tohdoh: I understand. 
At times, our operations must be kept secret. 
Right now, we need to rely on his power. 
I can think of no one more capable than Zero to be our leader. 
Ohgi: I agree. 
We should all trust Zero. 
Minami: But Zero treated you as if you were nothing more than a pawn. 
Ohgi: Who other than Zero could have pulled this off. 
Even the Chinese Federation isn't strong enough to wage war on Britannia. 
And the E.U. 
continues to lose to Prince Schneizel, doesn't it. 
We are the last hope out of all the areas Britannia has colonized. 
Zero is the only one who can lead us to victory in our war of independence. 
Tamaki: Ohgi is right! 
Zero! 
Zero! 
Zero! 
Zero! 
The Black Knights: Zero! 
Zero! 
Zero! 
---------- [OP]

Suzaku: Hello, everyone. 
My name is Suzaku Kururugi and I'll be returning to classes here at Ashford Academy starting today. 
I look forward to studying here. 
Student: Suzaku Kururugi? 
Student: The guy who caught Zero? 
Student: The white death is coming to school here? 
Student: He is the Knight of Seven. 
Student: But he is an Eleven. 
Student: Doesn't matter. 
He is the Emperor's immediate subordinate...

Villetta: Okay, quiet down. 
Sir Kururugi has been reassigned to Area 11 and that's why he's coming back to school here. 
Why don't you take the desk next to Lelouch for now. 
Suzaku: Yes, ma'am. 
Lelouch: Suzaku. 
You... You were my first real friend. 
Suzaku: But the war tore us apart. 
Lelouch: The Second Pacific War, the conflict in which Britannia took control of Japan. 
Suzaku: After its defeat, Japan became an area colony of Britannia. 
Lelouch: I, who was abandoned by my homeland. 
Suzaku: I, who was forced to abandon my homeland. 
Lelouch: When we reunited, we were at once enemies and allies. 
Suzaku: Although I was Japanese, I was also a Britannian soldier. 
Lelouch: I was Zero. 
We both hid our true identities. 
Suzaku: We fought each other. 
Lelouch: However, those are memories of what really happened. 
Suzaku: The Emperor rewrote three things in Lelouch's memory. 
Lelouch: Nunnally. 
Suzaku: Anything about Zero. 
Lelouch: That I was a prince of the royal family of Britannia. 
LelouchSuzaku: And so, the two of us now...

Lelouch: Hey, welcome back. 
It's been some time. 
Suzaku: I missed everyone a lot. 
Lelouch: Suzaku, feels like forever. 
Rivalz: You've really come up in the world, haven't you? 
Milly: Suzaku's back? 
Where is he? 
Lelouch: Madam President, class is in progress, you mind? 
Milly: Oh what's with you, Lelouch? 
Lelouch: You screwed up Suzaku. 
When you heard the name,"Lelouch", you just walked right to my side. 
In other words, you acted as if you knew me. 
Now to make sure Rolo doesn't do anything stupid...

Shirley: And so everybody up and left except us. 
They all went back home. 
Even the teachers. 
Suzaku: Back to the homeland? 
Lelouch: Yeah and that's the reason why we're the only ones here at school who know you, right Rolo? 
Rolo: R-Right. 
Suzaku: That explains why I don't recognize anyone here. 
Rivalz: Hey you saw Zero's face, didn't you? 
So what did he look like? 
Milly: Is he really a girl? 
Rivalz: It's really Prince Clovis, right? 
Shirley: Or a prince from another country? 
Suzaku: Um...well...

Lelouch: Can't you share that with us? 
Suzaku: No, it's a military secret. 
I'm sorry...

Milly: Arthur?! 
Shirley: Oh, you brought him with you?! 
Lelouch: Well, Suzaku, you really have a thing for cats, don't you. 
Villetta: Did anything leap out at you during your contact with him? 
Suzaku: No, not especially. 
Villetta: Then we can conclude that the subject's memories haven't returned. 
Suzaku: Wait just a minute. 
Please, I feel we have to investigate this further. 
Rolo: Do you mean you don't trust our surveillance? 
Suzaku: There's also the matter of C.C. Continue playing his little brother just the way you have been. 
Rolo: All right, my lord. 
Villetta: It seems the student council is planning to throw you a welcoming party. 
Please reconfirm his state then. 
Suzaku: Yes, understood. 
Rolo: What should I do? 
Do I dare trust Lelouch? 
Lelouch: Teacher, could you please overlook all the campus infractions that Rolo and I are involved in? 
Teacher: Very well. 
I can do that. 
Just don't wander off school ground so often, you two. 
Lelouch Rolo: Yes, sir.
Lelouch: The only member left now is Miss Villetta, right? 
Rolo: Correct. 
But Suzaku Kururugi is here now. 
Shall I kill him? 
Lelouch: You shouldn't behave like that. 
Oh, and something else. 
Rolo: Yes? 
Lelouch: Can you quit speaking to me in such a formal manner? 
After all, we are supposed to be brothers. 
Don't worry. 
I'll hurry up with my plan for your sake, as well. 
I am going to do it. 
Independence for Japan will begin with this school. 
Edgar: Iwate... Wakayama... Tokushima...

Cloudio: There are reports from Yamaguchi, too. 
Edgar: Hmpf! 
Zero makes an appearance again and now we get this. 
Cloudio: It may be an effect of Lord Guilford's absence, too. 
Edgar: If this keeps up, our Sakuradite supply will also be... 
Announce: Emergency! 
Unknown M.R.F. 
within the perimeter. 
Cloudio: What is it? 
Edgar: No way. 
This government bureau controls all of Area 11. 
Gino: Hahaha. 
Getting in here couldn't have been easier. 
These guys are almost annoyingly sloppy. 
Is this the best line of defense that Area 11's got to offer? 
Ah-ha, perhaps I was being a bit hasty. 
Cloudio: I don't know who you are. 
But this ends right here. 
Gino: [Careless fool *]. 
That armament shows you care more about protecting the building. 
Oh well, too bad. 
Cloudio: What? 
Edgar: That Knightmare?! 
Could it be the one...

Cloudio: I see. 
That's what we are dealing with. 
The variable Knightmare Frame Tristan. 
Which makes you Lord Gino Weinberg, the Knight of Three. 
Am I correct? 
Gino: You are. 
I'm putting you guys to the test. 
All right. 
Try and stop me. 
Cloudio: Very well we accept your challenge. 
We can't allow this insult to go unanswered. 
Gino: Don't hold back. 
Gimme your best shot. 
Edgar: As you wish. 
Gino: Thank you. 
Edgar: Why you...

Suzaku: Stop it. 
That's enough. 
The battle's been decided. 
Cloudio: Then Sir Kururugi, is that the final decision of the Knight of Seven? 
Suzaku: It is. 
Gino: Hey, Suzaku. 
Suzaku: Gino, I thought I asked you to bring the Lancelot here for me. 
Gino: Yeah, but Earl Asplund is coming with it next week. 
Not to change the subject, but what's with the outfit? 
Suzaku: I came straight here from school. 
It's required. 
Gino: Very fashionable. 
Suzaku: Gino, I know you are from a great noble family, but can't you act more normal? 
By the way, you are amazingly heavy. 
Anya: Is it over? 
Suzaku: The Mordred? 
Anya came along, too? 
Anya: Is it over? 
Gino: Yep, Suzaku made me end it. 
Anya: How dull. 
Suzaku: We should have more than enough fire power assembled by now. 
Lelouch, three days from now, with the welcome party, everything will be made clear. 
Milly: Apologies for the delay. 
We are now officially kicking off the welcome party for the Knight of Seven. 
Give the word, guest of honor. 
Suzaku: Yeah, umm, I don't suppose I can refuse. 
Milly: Sorry, no. 
It's a presidential order. 
Lelouch: Just accept it. 
She sets the rules in this school. 
Suzaku: All right, guys. 
I'll get ready then. 
Meoooooooooooow! 
Student: This way to the horseback riding course. 
Rolo: Lelouch, are these things appropriate for the occasion? 
Lelouch: That's Milly for ya. 
The Prez loves events like this. 
She's also over-compensating for last year. 
Rolo: What should I do now. 
I ought just...

Lelouch: Rolo, I've told you. 
That's dangerous. 
Here, hold your knife like this. 
Got it? 
Rolo: Like this? 
Lelouch: Careful of your fingers. 
Rolo: Lelouch, the truth is...my Geass does have an Achilles' heel. 
Gino: Wow, would ya look at that? 
Hey Anya, check it out. 
Anya: Recorded. 
Gino: You sure love that stuff, huh? 
All right. 
So now what? 
There's nothing in particular to do here. 
Should we take a tour of where the commoners go to school? 
Rivalz: I'm here now. 
In the store house under the school. 
Okay, so where are those spare energy fillers? 
Hey, didn't these belong to Nina? 
Lelouch: All right. 
Understood. 
Go through cell F in Kyushu and make contact with Diethard. 
Yes, that's right. 
Have Rakshata come here and... She wouldn't..! 
Rivalz: Come and watch us make the world's biggest pizza pie. 
C.C: Do you have information about it? 
Rivalz: Of course. 
Here's a flyer for you. 
Come see the world's biggest pizza. 
Lelouch: Hey what do you think... you're doing? 
C.C: I'm looking for something I left behind. 
Lelouch: Why are you so obsessed with the stuff anyway? 
Come on. 
C.C: Acting a little devilish, aren't you? 
Lelouch: Shut up, witch. 
Don't you understand your situation? 
C.C: The Emperor is trying to capture me and he is using you as bait. 
Lelouch: That's right. 
Suzaku's here. 
As well as another, a woman I can't use my Geass on. 
Student: From pretty girls...

Student: To sexy grownup women. 
Student: Welcome to the swim club cafe where you get exactly what you want. 
Shirley: Oh I'm so glad the coach agreed to do this for us. 
Villetta: So help me. 
Shirley, you'll die a thousand deaths for this. 
If I didn't have to play teacher for my mission, I'd...

Ohgi: I used to be a school teacher so I was feeling...

Suzaku: They've confirmed that the Gren Mk-II is there. 
I assume Kallen is in the consulate building. 
Milly: I see. 
It's hard to judge her. 
They call themselves resistance fighters but still...

Suzaku: Nina's doing quite well. 
She just presented a thesis at the Science Academy. 
Milly: I wonder if she's planning to perfect the Ganymede. 
Suzaku: Dunno. 
Unlike Lloyd and Cecile, Nina's specialty is...

Milly: Has Earl Asplund happened to mention me? 
Suzaku: Afraid not. 
Milly: Maybe he was overwhelmed. 
The wedding was put off because I had to repeat school. 
Suzaku: The thing with him is... so many things are wrong with him as a human being so... What a...Arthur, that was Euphie's...

Milly: Suzaku, you are the guest of honor. 
You have to wait here. 
You can't run off like that. 
Gino: What have we here. 
They're using a Knightmare to create a giant pizza? 
Lelouch: So the person who gave the emperor his Geass is the same person who told Suzaku? 
C.C: That's right. 
But you shouldn't delve into it any further. 
Lelouch: I'm already involved in this. 
C.C: V.V. Lelouch: V.V? 
Did he give Suzaku a Geass power? 
C.C: No, it doesn't appear that he did. 
Anyway about Lelouch...

Shirley: Lulu. 
Lelouch: What's up, Shirley. 
Shirley: Oh, there you are. 
Lelouch: Do you need something? 
Shirley: Well, I have a little problem that I hope you can help me with. 
Miss Villetta seems to be avoiding me, so I was thinking you should... huh? 
You're alone? 
Lelouch: Yeah. 
Shirley: I could've sworn you were talking to someone just now? 
Lelouch: No. 
We are the only ones here. 
Just the two of us. 
Shirley: Just the two of us? 
What awful timing. 
But this might be my best chance to tell him how I feel. 
Ah...listen...umm...Lulu, would you go...

Lelouch: Sorry but I couldn't quite catch that. 
Shirley: Hey, what's the big idea? 
Lelouch: What are you doing? 
If someone spots you as well...

Kallen: Don't worry. 
I came here to take pizza girl back. 
Lelouch: Fine. 
She's in with tomatoes. 
Take the whole container and have Tohdoh and or Ohgi command...

Shirley: Who's in there being so rude. 
Lelouch: How undignified. 
Shirley: Will you quit standing there and say something? 
Kallen: If I say something, she'll find out who I am. 
Shirley: Oh hey, wait. 
Lelouch: Shirley, be careful with that. 
Suzaku: Hey, Lelouch. 
Milly: Say, have you seen Arthur? 
Suzaku: He grabbed a valuable quill pen for me and... Oh no, is he inside that thing? 
Lelouch: No! 
Cats and tomatoes don't mix! 
Gino: You're supposed to start with this, right? 
Suzaku: It can't be. 
Gino? 
Gino: Yeah, this commoner school is really a blast. 
Lelouch: Hey! 
Wait! 
Shirley: Hey. 
Suzaku: Was that Arthur? 
Milly: We'll have to change the schedule. 
Rivalz: It looks like it's coming out onto the parade route now. 
It'll be marched around the school building first then make a way down here. 
Gino: Even though it's a vintage Knightmare, it's handling well. 
Okay, the route's all set so... shake time! 
Lelouch: What a mess. 
It's taking her straight to the stage. 
Shirley: Let me at least see who you are. 
Lelouch: I'm not cut out for this sort of thing. 
Milly: Release the horns. 
Rivalz: Over there. 
The knight of Seven, Suzaku Kururugi. 
He's arrived along with Andes-grown Ultimate Tomatoes. 
Suzaku come on over, you're the one we've been waiting for. 
Um, except that...

Gino: There's a different person piloting. 
Rivalz: Wow. 
Lelouch: Teammate one. 
Turn around and look up at me. 
Student: Yes, what is it, Vice-President? 
Lelouch: Employ system pattern, rouge! 
Student: Now going to system pattern, rouge. 
Release fire extinguishing gas. 
Initiating. 
Gino: Hahaha. 
What's the matter. 
Is it really that much of a surprise? 
Villetta: What the hell's going on here... sorry, are you okay? 
Kallen: Ah... oh no. 
it was my fault. 
That was...

Shirley: Huh? 
Anya: Recorded. 
Thank you, Miss. 
Shirley: No problem. 
You're welcome. 
Suzaku: Oh, Arthur. 
Milly: Well, sometimes you just get these little filler incidents in life and that's fine. 
Lelouch: So then the person who saw you was from the swim club? 
Kallen: I think it may have been the teacher. 
Lelouch: Villetta? 
Kallen: I didn't get her name. 
But the weird thing is that I think I remember seeing her at the festival last year with Ohgi. 
Lelouch: Ohgi and Villetta? 
Kallen: Minami said that Ohgi might have had collaborator who reported directly to him. 
Lelouch: Ohgi kept a secret from me? 
C.C: When it comes to these sorts of things, you're really very thick. 
The truth is...



Villetta: That's it, Rolo? 
You've turned traitor? 
Lelouch: Villetta Nu. 
The woman who was awarded the rank of baron for ascertaining Zero's real identity. 
But unknown to most, you are connected to the Black Knights. 
Villetta: Not true. 
I never betrayed...

Lelouch: Kaname Ohgi. 
If word of your relationship with him ever got out, you'd have to relinquish that title you worked so hard to earn. 
Why not be reborn as someone new? 
Oh, yes. 
Shirley gave me this to give to you. 
So the timing works out nicely. 
Happy birthday, Coach Villetta. 
Lelouch: It seems I owe you another debt. 
Xingke: I simply used my diplomatic immunity. 
Besides, I'd like to repay my debt to you as quick as I can. 
Lelouch: Then may I ask you another favor of you. 
Xingke: I don't like to be in collusion with you. 
Lelouch: I'd like to get in contact with the High Eunuchs. 
Lelouch: The only one left to defeat is Suzaku. 
Suzaku: Lelouch. 
Lelouch: Shouldn't the guest of honor be at the main stage? 
Suzaku: Hum, no. 
Everyone seems to be having a fine time without me. 
Besides, I wanna discuss something with you. 
Lelouch: What is it? 
Suzaku: Well you see, I'm aspiring to become the Knight of One. 
Lelouch: Whoa, that's the greatest knight in entire empire...

Suzaku: The Knight of One is bestowed the privilege of choosing one of the Britannian areas for his own. 
I intend to have Japan. 
I'll take this area for myself. 
Lelouch, I've lost too much. 
Precious friends and woman who no one can ever replace. 
By acquiring power, I will never again lose anyone else I care about. 
And then, the Japanese people won't need Zero anymore. 
Lelouch: Hmm, indirect rule, eh? 
You wanna make it a protectorate? 
Suzaku: You can ask this person. 
They'll know. 
The new viceroy who's coming to take charge of Area 11 next week. 
Lelouch: You think a student should speak to the viceroy? 
Suzaku: It's Kururugi. 
Yes, he's standing right here in front of me. 
Yes. 
Lelouch: What do I say. 
How awkward. 
This is such an important person. 
Nunnally**: Hello, big brother? 
Lelouch, is that you? 
It's me, Nunnally. 
Can you hear me? 
I'm coming there to be the viceroy. 
Um, is there something wrong? 
Lelouch, it's Nunnally, your sister. 
Nunnally: Is that you, Lelouch? 
It's me, Nunnally. 
Suzaku: If your memory hasn't returned, you won't know who she is. 
Go on Lelouch. 
Let's hear your answer. 
Lelouch: Suzaku, you've got me trapped. 
Nunnally: Um, this is my brother, isn't it? 
Lelouch: I can't do this. 
I can't lie to Nunnally. 
I...I...!!! 
Rolo? 
Good work. 
Keep him like that. 
Rolo: You have to hurry. 
Don't forget the time limit. 
Lelouch: I know. 
Nunnally, listen to me. 
Nunnally: Lelouch, it is you. 
Lelouch: For right now, we have to act like we're strangers. 
It's necessary. 
Just follow my lead. 
I'm going to come for you. 
I swear it. 
So until then... until then... 
I love you, Nunnally! 
You're confusing me with someone else. 
That's right. 
I'm just a student at the school here. 
Suzaku: Lelouch, your memory really hasn't come back? 
Lelouch: Yes, I beg your pardon. 
Nunnally: Forgive me. 
When I heard you are a good friend of Suzaku's, I guess I just jumped to conclusions. 
It's just...I... 
Lelouch: No, please, it's an honor for me to speak with a royal princess. 
Nunnally: Um... could you please put Suzaku back on? 
Lelouch: Yes, Your Highness. 
Suzaku: Forgive me Nunnally. 
I didn't mean to cause a misunderstanding. 
Nunnally: No, it's all right. 
He just seemed so similar that it surprised me. 
Well...um...I'll see you when I get to Area 11. 
Guilford: Don't underestimate the threat. 
He may be at a disadvantage but we are still dealing with Zero. 
You could be sure he has some plan underway. 
Upson: Such a cowardly response, when they call you the Spearhead of the Empire. 
Fortunately Viceroy Nunnally has me to protect her, your services won't be needed. 
Guilford: But General, Zero...

Upson: Dead Lord Guilford. 
Zero was killed last year. 
The Zero we face now is just using his name. 
Princess Cornelia would regret seeing your contemptible fear for this cheap impostor. 
Lloyd: Speaking of regret. 
Upson: Earl Asplund. 
Lloyd: Sorry we're late. 
Adjusting Lancelot took longer than we thought it would. 
Guilford: It's been quite a while, Earl Asplund. 
Lloyd: That's because I'm working directly under little Charlie now. 
Upson: Are you referring to His Majesty...

Cecile: Please forgive him sir. 
Lloyd, please! 
Lloyd: Hum, Did I say something wrong? 
Guilford: I see that you haven't changed. 
As for the item we discussed. 
Cecile: Yes, it comes to us via Prince Schneizel. 
Lloyd: It's rather nice having the Second Prince to call on? 
Guilford: You have my thanks. 
Upson: Unbelievable. 
This prodigal aristocrat is serving as Lord Kururugi's guardian. 
He'd better not interfere with efforts to educate the new viceroy. 
Nunnally: Did Suzaku lie to me? 
But...my own brother. 
I don't understand. 
Has something happened between them? 
TV: The new viceroy is set to arrive at Area 11 tomorrow to take over post. 
TV: The name and background of the new viceroy still has not been released to the public. 
TV: The big question is the Chinese Federation Consulate, right? 
TV: You mean regarding Zero? 
TV: As there has been no formal announcement, some thinks chief consul Gao Hai may be acting on his own. 
The consul general's standing will depend upon the balance of power. 
High Eunuch: What about the standoff in Area 11? 
Kaguya: Oh, I'm afraid I don't know the details. 
Tenzi: Can you tell me anything about the outside world? 
I've never gone beyond the walls of this palace. 
High Eunuch: That's because this Forbidden City in the Luo Yang capital is the very center of the world, Empress. 
Tenzi: But..

Kaguya: I'm going to go outside and see what's happening. 
Tenzi: Huh? 
Kaguya: The truth is, I came today to say goodbye to you. 
Tenzi: Oh no, not now, when I finally made a real friend. 
Kaguya: I'm very sorry. 
But you know my husband is waiting for me. 
C.C: The supplies were successfully received in Niigata. 
Lelouch: I see. 
C.C: However there's no way to get them into the consulate now. 
Lelouch: As expected. 
C.C: Nunnally is going to be the new viceroy. 
Will you be able to fight her? 
Your sister? 
Lelouch: Fights? 
Nunnally? 
Is that some kind of joke? 
C.C: Then you're just going to leave her alone? 
Lelouch: Out of the question. 
If nothing's done, Nunnally will be used as a political tool, just like she was before. 
C.C: A girl who can't walk and can't see. 
Do they plan to use her as a pawn and throw her away? 
Lelouch: I'm doing all this to keep that from happening. 
That's why I formed the Black Knights. 
I became Zero for Nunnally's sake. 
C.C: I'm well aware that your sister is your entire reason for living. 
However...

Lelouch: I am going to create a world where Nunnally can live happily. 
To do that I will obliterate Britannia! 
You mentioned V.V. Is he in the Britannian homeland? 
C.C: I don't know that much about him. 
However I know that he is your father's first ally. 
Emperor Charles of Britannia's chief confederate. 
Lelouch: Confederate? 
C.C: Long ago. 
They made a pact. 
Charles: I shall slay the god. 
V.V: Yes, that is our binding contract. 
Tell me Charles, why didn't you tell Nunnally about Zero's true identify and about Geass. 
Charles: It wasn't necessary for her to know. 
V.V: You know Charles, you really are still a child. 
Charles: Perhaps I am, big brother. 
Upson: Where is Viceroy Nunnally? 
Britannian Army: She's in the garden. 
Even if she came to the bridge...

Upson: I guess there'd be no point. 
Suzaku: The Black Knights? 
They're not here? 
Xingke: Right. 
We only just confirmed it ourselves. 
I'll give you all the information I have. 
That way, it should be crystal clear that my country has no hostile intentions toward Britannia. 
Suzaku: Did Zero go with them? 
Xingke: It appears so. 
They took their Knightmares with them and they vanished. 
We are guessing they left through an underground level. 
Suzaku: To where? 
Xingke: No idea. 
That's all I have. 
Suzaku: They wouldn't..! 
Attack Nunnally?! 
Gino: We've been had. 
Anya: Should we strike back? 
Upson: The Black Knights?! 
Lelouch: The objective of this operation is the capture of the new viceroy. 
No matter what happens, she absolutely must not be harmed. 
Keep her safe. 
Is that clear? 
The Black Knights: Roger. 
Minami: Tamaki, what are you doing? 
Britannian Army: Amateurs! 
Bringing land based units for aerial mission. 
Upson: Surface flares will have no effect on our defense. 
Surround them and attack now! 
Ohgi: All right, General Tohdoh, the rest is up to you. 
Tohdoh: Right. 
Good luck Deputy-Commander. 
Upson: Impossible. 
They're landing on top of us? 
Britannian Army: Two more enemy Knightmares are landed on our main wing. 
Britannian Army: They're on our escorts as well. 
Send our aerial forces to...

Lelouch: You took the bait, commander. 
I figured you concentrate your air power on the smoke. 
The obvious response. 
Asahina: Now we can focus on the flag ship. 
Ohgi: All right. 
We're withdrawing. 
Upson: Deploy the remaining airships and the escort ships fire as well! 
Britannian Army: But sir, the enemy is targeting our float units. 
We can't shoot back because our shields are up. 
Upson: Then how can we defend this ship. 
If I'd known this was possible I'd have brought Lord Guilford along! 
It'll take an hour for reinforcements to reach us from the Tokyo Settlement. 
Britannian Army: What if a Knightmare makes it inside? 
Britannian Army: Then we crash. 
Our job now is to help the survivors...

Britannian Army: What...is that? 
Lelouch: Die! 
Britannian Army: Yeah. 
Britannian Army: Understood. 
Lelouch: Nunnally. 
I'm coming to save you. 
Asahina: Now, Samurai Leap over floating boats attack. 
You can put your shields up, but once we get inside, you're finished. 
Looks like they're running out of air strength, too. 
Senba: You'll end up a skinned rabbit. 
Don't get cocky. 
Asahina: Right, right. 
I'll stick to basics but...

Chiba: Reinforcements from Tokyo? 
So soon? 
Tohdoh: No. 
It looks like their rear guard. 
And they have float units. 
Kallen: Knightmares! 
It can't be. 
That machine is...

Guilford: Now let's bring down the curtain. 
Cecile: Output on all unit is normal. 
Lloyd: Isn't mass-production nice? 
Cecile: Well, I'm not so sure about this. 
Did Prince Schneizel really approve the budget? 
Lloyd: If he didn't, he'll notice it pretty soon. 
Cecile: What? 
You didn't tell him what you were doing? 
Kallen: I don't need to fly for this. 
Guilford: You have the right instincts. 
But the wrong Knightmare! 
Sugiyama: Sorry, I'm out. 
Upson: Damn Guilford, acting without orders. 
Britannian Army: But he saved us, my lord. 
Upson: Yes and he'll take all of the credit for it. 
Lelouch: All tasks at hand have been cleared. 
And now the tide of battle shall turn. 
N-Nunnally...

Britannian Army: Look. 
Zero's inside! 
Britannian Army: What are those guards doing? 
Britannian Army: Viceroy Nunnally, It's Zero. 
Britannian Army: I'm informing General Upson now...

Britannian Army: Their reunion is starting. 
It must not be disturbed. 
Lelouch: Nunnally... we're together again. 
At last...

Nunnally: You're Zero, aren't you? 
The terrorist. 
Have you come to kill me as well? 
Like you killed my brother Clovis and my sister Euphie? 
Even so, will you wait just a moment please? 
I think that what you're doing is wrong. 
David: It's a Harken. 
Tohdoh: Hit him now, Kouzuki! 
Kallen: Right! 
Gino: Okay. 
It's discipline time. 
Asahina: What a weird looking fighter plane. 
Even so... A Knightmare! 
I'm finished. 
Sorry...

Britannian Army: That leaves just four enemy units. 
Upson: The Knights of the Round as well. 
I'll never bear this disgrace. 
Now what? 
Britannian Army: Starboard escort ship has ['s] lost control. 
Gino: What?! 
Britannian Army: It's on a collision course. 
Britannian Army: Turn the ship! 
Britannian Army: We'll never make it! 
We are going to crash! 
Gino: The Mordred always handle things in its own unique way. 
Anya, don't do that again, okay? 
We don't wanna kill the viceroy now, do we? 
Anya: But I saved her. 
Suzaku: Lloyd, how's the Lancelot? 
Lloyd: Ready and waiting for you. 
Come and get it. 
Britannian Army: General! 
What are you doing in a gun turret. 
Upson: At this rate I'm gonna be demoted. 
I have to do something to prove myself. 
I'll kill the Black Knights! 
Tohdoh: You fool! 
You shot your own engines. 
Nunnally: Right now, Zero is standing in front of me. 
Lelouch, give me the courage I need. 
Lelouch: It's Britannia that is wrong. 
The Emperor believes that might is always right. 
Do you approve of that? 
Nunnally: Well...

Lelouch: Viceroy Nunnally, you're just being used. 
Nunnally: You're saying they sent a blind, crippled girl to win everyone's sympathy? 
Then you're wrong. 
I asked them to send me. 
That's why I'm here. 
Senba: Where is Zero? 
Tohdoh: We can't contact him because of the E.C.C.M. 
effects. 
I wanna rendezvous with Chiba and Kouzuki and scout inside the ship. 
Senba: But the ship's going to crash. 
Do you think we have time for that? 
Tohdoh: Senba! 
Gino: I don't like picking on those who are weaker than me but...

Senba: Never thought a place like this. 
Tohdoh: Senba! 
Guilford: Using land units for an aerial attack. 
That's not your kind of tactic, Tohdoh. 
Lelouch: You requested it? 
Nunnally: I think with a peaceful approach, I can make the world a gentler place. 
That's why I want to carry out Euphie's plan to create the Specially Administrated Zone of Japan. 
Lelouch: You'd have that return? 
Nunnally: Zero, won't you please try to help me rebuild it? 
People can start over. 
Please. 
Suzaku: Zero's coming to steal Nunnally away. 
But there's been no word from the Office of Secret Intelligence. 
So am I fighting Zero? 
Or Lelouch? 
Cecile: Sir Kururugi, I'm confirming the data now. 
The number two float unit on Viceroy Nunnally's flag ship has shut down. 
And number three and four float unit are interlinked so a Case Theta has occurred. 
Lloyd: To sum that up, we'll all be swimming in the ocean soon. 
Except for General Upson who regrettably didn't make it. 
Suzaku: Right now rescuing the viceroy has top priority. 
Cecile: Initiating search for her wheelchair beacon. 
Starting E.C.M. 
signal noise cleanup. 
Phase preset. 
Sending the layout of the ship's interior. 
Suzaku: Confirming data link. 
Cecile: Complete. 
Suzaku: Transmit the viceroy's location as soon as it's known. 
Cecile: Channel M.B., roger. 
Lancelot Conquista, now launch! 
Suzaku: Launching! 
Kallen, I have to save Nunnally. 
Nothing else matters now. 
I won't ask for your forgiveness anymore. 
Chiba: Kouzuki, hide! 
Get inside of the ship. 
Kallen: I can't. 
Not until everyone's gotten away. 
What the hell! 
Chiba: Kouzuki! 
Hold your eject lever, Kouzuki! 
Kallen: No use. 
It isn't working! 
Chiba: Defective equipment at a time like this. 
Anya: Tag. 
You're dead. 
Kallen: I'm falling. 
Forgive me, Guren...Mother...Naoto... 
Rakshata: What a perfect position. 
Kallen: What..? 
Rakshata? 
Rakshata: Sorry to keep you waiting. 
I have the new Black Knights glide wing pack for you. 
You did review the manual I sent. 
Kallen: Uh, sure. 
I'm good to go. 
Rakshata: All right. 
Let's try it out then. 
Kaguya: We'll give you the basic guidance from here. 
Please rescue Master Zero. 
Kallen: Uh, right. 
The Black Knights: Opening number three launch chamber. 
The Black Knights: Connection signal with Guren Mk-II, confirmed. 
Rakshata: Take to the skies, my soaring glide wings. 
Kallen: Rotate! 
The Black Knights: Guidance signal, confirmed. 
The Black Knights: Contact angle, aligned. 
Rakshata: Link up. 
Kallen: Linking up. 
Fly! 
Rakshata: Armor-piercing arterially right arm unit. 
The Black Knights: Right arm unit, decelerating for link-up. 
Transmission neurons, 0.5 to 0.8 M.M.P. 
No obstacles, detected. 
Elastic muscles, one through five, are operating normally. 
Activation of shock control, confirmed. 
Linking up. 
C.C: Kallen, please. 
Kallen: No matter how many enemies are coming. 
Guilford: Our unit will go after Tohdoh. 
Gino: Right, and we'll protect the viceroy. 
Huh? 
In the sky? 
The Black Knights have a float system, too? 
Tohdoh: Kouzuki, save Zero. 
Kallen: I'm on it, sir! 
Guilford: Oh, you gained wings and shields, huh? 
So what..? 
Kallen: If this Guren doesn't work perfectly, then I'm finished. 
Kaguya: Well, we don't have much choice, try shooting it. 
Kallen: You've got a point there! 
Guilford: From long range! 
Kallen: I can do it! 
With this Guren Flight-Enabled Version! 
Lloyd: Nice one. 
Gino: Suzaku, get to the viceroy. 
Suzaku: Don't let your guard down. 
That's the pilot who defeated Lord Jeremire. 
Gino: The one who beat orange boy? 
Kallen: C'mon. 
Gino: Well look at that! 
As good as the Knights of the Round? 
Anya: We'll see. 
Right now. 
Kallen: Don't underestimate the Guren! 
Anya: Dirty shoes. 
Kallen: I'll take care of you guys later! 
Cecile: It can fire wide-range, too? 
Lloyd: What's its total energy? 
Cecile: The same amount, but scattered. 
With the internal damage it caused, those units won't be able to function for a while. 
Anya: So what's with that Knighmare. 
Gino: Ah-ah. 
It's all the pilot. 
I shouldn't have held back on my attack. 
Suzaku: Kallen, why would you come back under these conditions? 
Is it... that Zero's on the ship already? 
Kallen: Move it! 
Rakshata: Have a taste of the Gefjun net. 
Suzaku: We have a countermeasure for this. 
Kallen: You're still stuck where you are! 
Suzaku: No way. 
It can't be more powerful than an advanced Yggdrasil Drive. 
Cecile: Suzaku, we've located the viceroy. 
She's in the garden space to the rear of the main bridge. 
But hurry! 
Now there's only 47 seconds till the ship crashes! 
Suzaku: I promise, I'll save her! 
Damn! 
C.C: Kallen, forget about Suzaku. 
Kaguya: Save Master Zero! 
Kallen: I understand. 
But where? 
Suzaku: There's no time left. 
I'll have to use the Core Luminous Cone. 
Go. 
Lelouch: What do I do? 
I can't reveal Zero's identity to her. 
But I can't take her by force either. 
I can see now that would traumatize her. 
Suzaku! 
Escape with me! 
Suzaku: Nunnally! 
Nunnally: Suzaku! 
Lelouch: No, not after he sold me out to the Emperor! 
Nunnally: Suzaku, come here! 
Suzaku: Were you frightened? 
Forgive me. 
It's all right now. 
Lelouch: Nunnally... With Suzaku..! 
Suzaku: Zero, not this time. 
Lelouch: Nunnally! 
Charles: The world lies. 
Thou shall not commit murder. 
Thou shall not bear false witness. 
Thou shall not cheat. 
Thou shall not steal. 
Thou shall not covet thy neighbor's wife. 
All of these are lies. 
Mere illusion. 
Nothing more. 
They don't want to be killed. 
They don't want to be robbed. 
Using the twin lies of justice and morality. 
The weak are endeavoring to protect themselves. 
But the first truth there is that the strong devour the weak. 
So let us feed upon people, upon wealth, upon riches and power. 
We of Britannia shall feast upon the raw flesh of the world itself. 
We must crush this deception and bring forth the truth. 
All hail Britannia! 
Britannian Army: All hail Britannia. 
All hail Britannia. 
All hail Britannia...

----------- [OP]

Rolo: You look like you were having a nightmare. 
Lelouch: A nightmare...

Rolo: Did something happen yesterday? 
Lelouch: No, not really. 
Rolo, Did I happen to say anything? 
Rolo: Huh? 
Lelouch: Nunnally...! 
Rolo: No, Lelouch. 
You didn't say one thing. 
Nothing at all. 
Lelouch: I see. 
The world Nunnally desires, the future Nunnally has chosen, that leaves me, leaves Zero standing in the way. 
My sister's safety has been guaranteed. 
She has the Britannian military forces to protect her, and Suzaku, too. 
He may be my worst enemy. 
But I trust him to do at least that. 
Yes, as I'd once hoped he would, and even after I can no longer safeguard Nunnally. 
Shirley: Look at this. 
It says this temple was built a thousand years ago. 
Rivalz: That's great. 
Have you seen the water pistols? 
I got one for everyone but I can't find them. 
Rolo: Hey, what's all the stuff, Prez? 
Milly: Some nets, candles, wigs, fireworks and a tambourine. 
Rolo: So are those for a class trip? 
Milly: Just leave it to me. 
This will be my second time, you know? 
Rolo: Right. 
Shirley: What's wrong, Lulu? 
You just seem sort of down. 
Lelouch: No, I'm fine. 
Rivalz: Can't sleep 'cause you're thinking about how much fun the trip'll be? 
Lelouch: You're correct. 
Yeah, I'm excited about it. 
Shirley: Lulu, you are just like a little boy. 
Announcement: Attention all students. 
The inauguration speech of the new viceroy of Area 11 is about to begin. 
Please assemble in the auditorium. 
Nunnally: How do you do, everyone. 
I am Nunnally vi Britannia of the royal family, 87th in line to the imperial throne. 
Due to the unfortunate, untimely loss of Duke Clalares recently, I shall be assuming the viceroyship of Area 11 in his place. 
I am physically challenged in that I am unable to see or walk. 
Therefore I shall be depending on all of you for help in various things. 
Rivalz: But she's so young. 
How could that girl be a viceroy? 
Shirley: She's a royal princess. 
Nunnally: Please, help me to help you. 
Tamaki: She wants some help, huh? 
Sugiyama: This all screw up things. 
Nunnally: I realize that this is unexpected but I'd like each one of you to cooperate with me on this. 
As your new viceroy, I wish to again create the Specially Administrated Zone of Japan. 
Britannian: That's absurd! 
Britannian: I can't believe she would even mention the name! 
Nunnally: In the Special Zone Britannians and Numbers would have equal status. 
Elevens would be allowed to safely call themselves Japanese once again. 
Japanese: She just said Japanese. 
Japanese: Are they trying to trick us? 
Japanese: She has Suzaku Kururugi. 
Japanese: He's Japanese so he should be on our side. 
Japanese: Princess Massacre's knight! 
Japanese: He's the traitor who shot Zero. 
Nunnally: ...although a tragic misunderstanding occurred in the Special Zone, I do not believe that attempt to establish the Zone was a mistake. 
We need a gentler world. 
And those of you in the Black Knights, I ask you to please participate in the Special Zone. 
Kallen: What? 
Tamaki: Not again! 
Ohgi: Never again. 
Nunnally: ...mistakes that we've made, then we can take the first positive steps to setting things right. 
I believe this with all my heart. 
Suzaku: You surprised me, Nunnally. 
You are trying to create the Japan's Special Zone again. 
Nunnally: Suzaku, what Euphie tried to do, I mean before the disaster happened, wasn't wrong, was it? 
Suzaku: No. 
I can assure you it wasn't Euphie who was wrong. 
Announcement: Passengers transferring to the express line, please wait on platform 3. 
Those transferring to the Senkyo line, please change at the next station. 
A local train will be stopping at platform #5...

Lelouch: They're not needed anymore, neither Zero nor my battle. 
Tamaki: That kid viceroy just wants to repeat what Princess Massacre Euphemia did. 
Ohgi: No Japanese person would ever take part in it. 
Tamaki: After luring them in with sugary words and slaughtering them? 
Not a chance! 
Ohgi: So, what are we gonna do then? 
Tamaki: Have a showdown with the Britannians! 
Ohgi: How do we do that when the only Knightmare we have left is one Guren. 
Tamaki: We'll just go to Zero of course...

Kaguya: That's right! 
Kallen: Lady Kaguya. 
Kaguya: I'm in agreement with Tamaki. 
However, why isn't Master Zero here? 
Considering his new wife awaits him eagerly, In fact, he failed to write even once while I was waiting him in the Chinese Federation. 
Tamaki: Maybe he dumped you for someone else. 
Kallen: Don't be ridiculous. 
It's not true. 
seriously, it's not! 
Kaguya: That doesn't matter at all to me. 
The greatest men succumb to feminine charm. 
Grown-up men have basic physical needs. 
Kallen: Lady Kaguya, what are you saying? 
C.C: Thank goodness. 
You are a lot more generous than you seem. 
Kaguya: I so appreciate you keeping him company while I was away. 
Thank you. 
C.C: No need to thank me. 
Kaguya: Here, you as well, Kallen. 
Kallen: I...

Kaguya: We three who support Master Zero... Oh, that make us three ladies of his court, doesn't it? 
C.C.Kallen: His court?!
Lloyd: Salutations and greetings...where's Suzaku? 
Cecile: He refused to stay here. 
He went after the Black Knights. 
We were right in the middle of his complete physical, too. 
Lloyd: Well, that's typical of our boy. 
I'm not surprised. 
We have to perfect Conquista, right? 
Cecile: So, how is it? 
I mixed peanut butter with turmeric, sugar and wasabi paste and spread it on rye bread! 
Lloyd: That's typical of you...



Lelouch: Even though...even though I have been doing all this up until now for Nunnally's sake...

Nunnally: How do you do, everyone. 
I am Nunnally vi Britannia of the royal family. 
87th in line to the imperial throne. 
Due to the unfortunate, untimely loss of Duke Clalares recently, I shall be assuming...

Man: What's your problem. 
Watch it! 
Hey! 
Lelouch: I'm finished! 
Suzaku: Nunnally may have realized that I lied to her. 
Even so, she said she wants to carry on Euphie's wishes. 
And for that, I'll...



Japanese: We told you money first, didn't we? 
Japanese: Cough it up, you stinking deadbeat! 
Japanese: Loser. 
Japanese: Stop it, please! 
Why are you doing this? 
Aren't guys Elevens like me? 
Mr.Kolchak: Bring the cash next time if you want the stuff. 
Japanese: A Britannian? 
Japanese: A Student? 
Lelouch: Japanese feeding on other Japanese. 
What a picture. 
But even worse than that, they commit petty crimes for Britannian. 
Mr.Kolchak: Did you call them Japanese? 
Japanese: We don't need sympathy from any Britannians! 
Japanese: We call ourselves Elevens. 
Japanese: And a school boy shouldn't complain about the work we did. 
Mr.Kolchak: Yes, I use these Gentlemen to do my bidding but only with their consent, my dear student. 
Lelouch: Don't touch me, you scum! 
Mr.Kolchak: Why you...! 
Lelouch: Now get on the ground and do push-ups. 
Mr.Kolchak: As you like. 
Japanese: Mr.Kolchak, what are you doing? 
Lelouch: And why don't you do some dancing? 
Japanese: Wow, yeah, baby! 
Lelouch: Do squats! 
Start howling! 
Applaud! 
C.C: It really makes no difference at all if he doesn't come back here. 
The one single thing that's important to me is that he remains alive. 
Oh please, the simplest solution would be for him to stop being Zero. 
I know, not a very romantic story, is it? 
Still, at this rate, the Black Knights are over, they're history. 
Yes, Zero exists for Nunnally's sake. 
That's what Lelouch said, Marianne. 
Milly: Where's Lelouch? 
Rivalz: Dunno. 
What is up with that guy? 
Kallen: I figured you'd come here. 
Where Zero was born. 
You started it here. 
This is where it all began. 
Kallen: Lelouch, I wanna tell you something. 
Is that...?! 
Lelouch: Refrain... You're familiar with it, aren't you? 
Brings back memories of the good old days. 
Kallen: Don't give me that crap! 
So what if you failed this time! 
Can't you come up with another plan and get it back? 
Just give us orders like you always do. 
Should I use my Knightmare? 
Or maybe play decoy? 
Tell me, I'll do whatever you say! 
Lelouch: All right, then, you can console me. 
There are things a woman can do for that, right? 
Kallen: No... 
Snap out of it, Lelouch! 
You're Zero now. 
You have an obligation. 
You've got to live up to the dreams you once gave us all! 
So please keep fooling us until you no longer can... We need you to be Zero this time with all your heart. 
Play your role like you mean it...

Lelouch: Rolo... That's right. 
You're supposed to keep an eye on me. 
I'd forgotten. 
Rolo: Then why not forget about them? 
All the heavy burdens that just weigh you down, Zero...the Black Knights...and Nunnally. 
Lelouch: Wrong! 
Nunnally isn't a...! 
Rolo: For Nunnally's sake as well. 
If Zero vanishes, then peace will come to Area 11. 
Lelouch, you can go back to being an ordinary student again. 
Be happy. 
Lelouch: But...

Rolo: Is there something wrong with that? 
Wanting happiness isn't a crime. 
No one would have to be hurt. 
Look, we still have time to undo what's been done. 
It's all right. 
I'll never abandon you, I promise. 
I'll stay with you as your brother forever, Lelouch. 
Charles: Tell me Nunnally. 
Why would you request this? 
Why did you want to be Viceroy of Area 11 after learning Zero had returned. 
Nunnally: Because, my entire life, I've lived under the protection of my big brother, Lelouch. 
I may not know where he is at this moment, but I'm sure that he is out there watching me at every turn. 
Therefore I don't want to make an embarrassing decision as viceroy while he is looking over my shoulder. 
C.C: That mask is heavier than it looks. 
The wearer bears a fate, not just of the Japanese people but that of the world. 
Kallen: Yes, but somebody has to...

Suzaku: This is the Britannian military. 
Your ship's registry and stated course are erroneous. 
Heave to at once. 
We will now conduct a forced inspection. 
Kallen: They found us? 
Tohdoh: It appears so. 
Suzaku: Everyone aboard is ordered to disarm and line up on the deck. 
You have ten minutes to comply with our order. 
Lelouch: That's right. 
Everybody's gone on a school trip. 
Rolo: Should we go after them? 
Lelouch: No. 
An empty birdcage suites me just fine for now. 
Who's firing? 
Shirley: Hi, welcome back, Lelou. 
Milly: Light some off, too, Lelouch. 
We have plenty leftover from the festival. 
Lelouch: Why are you...what about the school trip? 
Rivalz: We couldn't leave you here crying while we three went to have fun. 
Milly: 'Cause the important thing about vacations isn't where you spend them, it's all about who you spend them with! 
Shirley: Exactly. 
Lelouch: Why ...is that a...

Shirley: Oh, you mean this? 
But these are supposed to make your wishes come true. 
So I made one! 
For the life of me, I can't remember who taught me how to make them, though. 
Lelouch: And what did you wish for? 
Shirley: It's already coming true... Oh a part of it. 
I wanted to set off fireworks with everyone. 
Lelouch: Everyone? 
Shirley: For Nina, Kallen...

Rivalz: And Suzaku. 
Milly: It goes without saying you and Rolo. 
Shirley: And because I only folded one crane, you are the only one who showed up. 
Lelouch: A long time ago, Nunnally, Suzaku and I talked about something. 
We wondered what happiness would look like if we could give it a physical form. 
If I'm not mistaken, I think it was Suzaku who said that the shape of happiness might resemble glass. 
His reasoning made sense. 
He said that even though you don't usually notice it, it's still definitely there. 
You merely have to change your point of view slightly, and that glass will sparkle when it reflects the light. 
I doubt that anything else could argue its own existence more eloquently. 
Nunnally: They say if you fold a thousand of these cranes your wish'll come true. 
Lelouch: What about you? 
Do you wish for anything? 
Nunnally: Hum, I wish the world was a gentler place. 
Lelouch: That's right. 
A gentle world is this close. 
Even if we were clouded by phony memories, a transparent glass...always...always...always...

Shirley: Lulu? 
Rivalz: What are you crying for? 
Milly: Lelouch, are you really moved that much by our friendship? 
You do have a sweet side. 
Lelouch: No, you're wrong. 
It's nothing like that at all. 
Everyone, I'll launch fireworks with you again some day. 
We will... We'll do it together right here. 
I promise. 
Yes... As a matter of fact, my battle...it isn't about Nunnally anymore. 
Britannian Army: It's time. 
Suzaku: Commence firing. 
Tohdoh: Here it comes. 
Blow the tanker. 
That'll scramble the sonar. 
30 degrees downtrim. 
Engines, crash dive! 
Any contact with Zero yet? 
Chiba: Still no response, sir. 
Suzaku: We'll assume they're trying to escape underwater. 
Send out the Portmans. 
The Black Knights: Confirming sonar. 
The engine noise sounds like submersibles! 
Tohdoh: Dive us down. 
If they discover us, we're done. 
Suzaku: Fire ASROCs! 
Tohdoh: Do not panic! 
They're guessing where we are! 
Britannian Army: Encircle the area centering on Point Theta. 
We'll smoke the enemy out. 
The Black Knights: What?! 
Chiba: All sections report leaks! 
Kallen: Your orders? 
Tohdoh: If we move then they'll find us. 
We hold out! 
Kallen: What? 
But...

Tamaki: We are all gonna die! 
Lelouch: Q1, do you read me? 
Q1! 
Ohgi: That voice...

Kallen: Zero?! 
Lelouch: Your instructions. 
50 degrees downtrim, head for point L14. 
Crash dive, full ahead! 
Ohgi: He made it! 
Tamaki: Finally! 
Took him long enough! 
Suzaku: Continue depth charge drop. 
Maintain encirclement. 
Lelouch: Fire all torpedoes to detonate dead ahead. 
Set detonators for 40 seconds. 
Tamaki: Straight in front of us? 
Ohgi: There's no enemy there. 
Kaguya: Let's try firing them. 
Ohgi  Tamaki  Minami: Huh?
Kaguya: What other choice do we have? 
We've got to trust him. 
Tohdoh: Set detonators, then launch all torpedoes straight-ahead! 
Britannian Army: Torpedo launch, confirmed. 
Enemy location, tracked! 
Britannian Army: They're at point L14. 
Focus fire on that point. 
If they surface, I'll capture them myself. 
Britannian Army: Salamander to Blue Dolphin. 
Changing firing angle toward point. 
Dispatch to Portman expansion zone. 
Britannian Army: Rodger that. 
Tightening up the dragnet. 
Make sure your target lock's good. 
Britannian Army: Salamander, confirming target acquired. 
Rotating depth charge launch tubes. 
Ready to fire. 
Lelouch: Once the anchors are secure, all hands brace for shock. 
Ohgi: It's air? 
Rakshata: Now I see. 
That's methane hydrate. 
Britannian Army: What the ..? 
Britannian Army: Our buoyancy! 
Britannian Army: Sir Kururugi, bubbles! 
Suzaku: What the ..? 
Britannian Army: Helm! 
Britannian Army: No good! 
We're capsizing! 
Suzaku: How could...? 
Because giant bubbles to rise from the sea floor? 
Gino: Suzaku, look at this! 
It's beyond calling for reinforcements. 
Take remaining units and go after the Black Knights! 
Britannian Army: It's Zero! 
Zero's heading right for me! 
Kaguya: Master Zero! 
Suzaku: So this...this is your answer to me? 
Lelouch: Don't shoot! 
Shoot me and you'll be disobeying your lady's orders. 
Suzaku: What? 
Lelouch: I hereby accept the offer extended by Viceroy Nunnally. 
Yes, I will join the Japan's Special Zone. 
Kallen: He wouldn't. 
Ohgi: Zero's surrendering to them? 
Tohdoh: But he can't! 
Suzaku: Are you serious? 
Lelouch: Zero orders you! 
All members of the Black Knights, You shall participate willingly in the Special Zone! 
The one time a man never lies is when he makes a vow in his own heart.Lelouch Lamperouge made a vow to avenge his motherand to create a world where his sister Nunnally could live in happiness.To that end, he obtained the power of Geass.To that end, he became Zero, and undertook all that followed.At the very least that was the truth as it seems to Lelouch at the time. 
Rolo: Big brother, the promise you've made...

Lelouch: Yes, I'll keep it. 
Suzaku: So you've agreed to the special zone. 
That doesn't wash away the blood that's on your hands. 
Gino: Suzaku. 
Suzaku: I know Gino. 
We've gotta pull back this time. 
Soldier: The Black Knights seem to be diving back under water. 
Shall we pursue the Vincent? 
Villetta: Unnecessary. 
Suspend the search for C.C. until we receive further orders. 
Be careful Rolo, if they get you, they'll catch me in the same net. 
Asahina: Join the specially administrated zone? 
What is he thinking? 
Rakshata: Who knows. 
Tohdoh: Ohgi, if Zero was making decisions that aren't in interests of the Japanese people then...

Ohgi: Are you meaning...? 
Kallen: Zero, listen. 
Kaguya: Master Zero! 
How could you keep your new wife waiting! 
Lelouch: Lady Kaguya, I'm glad to see you well, and as lively as ever. 
Kaguya: And I see you're still surprising everyone like you always do. 
Offering to join the special zone, no one expected that at all! 
Ohgi: Yeah, She's right. 
What was that all about anyway? 
Tamaki: I told you, he's just bluffing, so we can lure the Britannians in and nail'em! 
Lelouch: Fighting then more fighting and then what? 
The Black Knights: Huh? 
Tamaki: Hold on! 
What are you saying, we should dance with them? 
Ohgi: We fight because we must. 
Unless you know some other way to do this. 
Tohdoh: No, we can never make friends with our conquerors. 
The Japanese people are fighting for freedom. 
Lelouch: Tohdoh! 
What is Japanese? 
Britannian Army: Attention all Elevens. 
You can now process your special zone applications. 
People: What do we do about the special zone? 
People: Please don't lose your nerve about it at a time like this. 
People: Is this gonna be another massacre? 
People: Zero said if we get behind it...

People: We'll be the slaves. 
People: Damn it, just gotta work permit as an honorary Britannian. 
People: Exactly. 
What's the point of being Japanese again? 
People: So long with people without jobs should join in? 
Announcer: Thus far no Elevens have signed up for the specially administrated zone of Japan commonly called the special zone. 
As there has been no contact from Zero, some official speculate that he may be facing dissension within his own organization, the Black Knights. 
Lohmeyer: I'd like you to please stick to the prepared manuscript this time. 
Nunnally: I was acting as viceroy...

Lohmeyer: A viceroy is not a king. 
Viceroy is act as official representatives of the emperor, ruling each area prudently on his behalf. 
We will support your attempt to revive the special zone this time, but henceforward please consult with me on such matters beforehand. 
Rivalz: Leave of absence? 
Suzaku: Yeah, it looks like I'm going to be a little busy. 
Rivalz: With the special zone, huh? 
Milly: Oh and what about all our plans for the garden? 
Suzaku: Sorry Milly. 
I'll be sure to come back and help out if I get a break. 
Shirley: That reminds me, Suzaku. 
Have you thought about Kallen? 
Isn't there some way you can help her out? 
Rivalz: Yeah, right. 
Like a plea bargain. 
You know, something like that. 
Lelouch: We all know you are working for world peace and all. 
But family and friends are important too, right? 
Couldn't you discuss it with the viceroy like when you had me talk to her on the phone the other night? 
Shirley: Huh? 
What? 
You talked to her, Lulu? 
Rivalz: With the young princess? 
Lelouch: Well, it was on the night of the welcome party. 
She mistook me for someone else. 
So, everythings kind of a hazy call. 
Rivalz: You botched it. 
Suzaku: Lelouch, have you really lost your memory? 
Or are you covering up? 
If you do remember, this is what I'd like to know. 
Why did you have to kill Euphy. 
Surely you could've found another way. 
Man: Suzaku Kururugi, you traitor, time to die! 
Lelouch: Live! 
Britannian Army: Sir Kururugi! 
Are you all right, sir? 
Suzaku: You who used your Geass to force me to live. 
Knowing that in my heart I sought the punishment of death. 
Someone like you...

Diethard: Yes, that's right. 
I believe it will be. 
We've already sent Sayoko Sinozaki there. 
Lelouch: I see. 
Well done, Diethard. 
You really are an expert at this. 
An outstanding job. 
You're truly irreplaceable. 
Diethard: Thank you for those words. 
I'm deeply honored. 
Are you sure your plan for the following stage would be consistent? 
Lelouch: Yes I am. 
Our tactics may have changed but out strategic objective remains the same. 
Take care of things on your end. 
Rolo: You haven't forgotten your promise, have you? 
Lelouch: No. 
I will protect this school. 
You and I live here now as brothers. 
I won't let anything interfere with that. 
But I reject Britannian's phony claim to control our destiny. 
Rolo: I'm helping you because I have something to protect now. 
If you were discovered this school would be destroyed and everything lost. 
Lelouch: Right. 
And then there's V.V. as well. 
Rolo: He'd kill me as a traitor without any hesitation. 
Lelouch: And I'd be slain in the next moment. 
Rolo: So we share the same destiny, you and I.

Villetta: Sorry I'm late. 
Club activities run over time. 
So Zero, what can I do? 
Lelouch: Please miss Villetta. 
Just saying that name alone could cost us our lives. 
Villetta: Lelouch, what did you want? 
Lelouch: About Ogi, do you miss him? 
Britannian Army: Alphabet effect confirmed in fifth. 
Countdown 20, 19, 18, 17...

Kanon: I'm back, Nina. 
Nina: Kanon! 
Schneizel: Hello, it's been a while. 
Britannian Army: Prince Schneizel as well! 
Nina: When did you get back from the EU? 
Kanon: A short time ago. 
I just completed peace negotiations with the French. 
Nina: In that case you should keep pushing forward. 
Schneizel: If you press victory too hard or too fast you are inviting defeat. 
In every corner of the world people look for hope. 
Our victories can trample that hope underfoot. 
That can be true of enemies and allies. 
Everyone has something they yearn for. 
Anya: What? 
You're Suzaku's cat, huh? 
Suzaku: He seems to like you, Anya. 
Anya: Japanese clothes? 
Suzaku: Yes. 
I always wear them for any of my training sessions. 
Anya: Do you miss them? 
Japanese things? 
Suzaku: Yes I wonder. 
I do have some good memories but I...

Britannian Army: Sir Kururugi, I've been looking for you. 
Suzaku: What is it? 
Britannian Army: I need your signature on this. 
It's the order to execute the Eleven who tried to assassinate you, sir. 
I need authorization from a Knight of the Round to carry out the sentence. 
Nina: The experiments are continuing. 
I won't squander the faith you've shown to me, Your Grace. 
I promise. 
I haven't forgotten. 
During the Black Rebellion when...

Nina: Why didn't it work? 
Lloyd: Miss Cecile! 
Cecile: Right! 
Nina: Professor Lloyd, stop! 
Milly: Nina! 
Nina: Milly, you too? 
Please let me kill Zero now! 
Let me avenge princess Euphemia! 
Nina: The prototype was a failure. 
But if you give me a little more time I'm certain I can build one that works. 
Schneizel: You were thinking of Euphy. 
You did all of it for her sake. 
History may remember her as a tragic figure but I still believe in my sister and wish to honor her memory. 
So do Cornelia and Nunnally also Kannon and Suzaku and many others who's life she touched. 
And you, you believe in her. 
And that's why I believe in you. 
Nina: I'm grateful your highness. 
Britannian Army: Excuse me, is something wrong, sir? 
Anya: I'm a Round. 
I'll sign it. 
Britannian Army: Yes, that's fine. 
Thank you ma'am. 
Anya: Suzaku, are you some kind of masochist? 
You know you're disliked here yet you volunteered for Area 11. 
Hated as the hero of the Numbers as a traitor to Japan, as the man who killed Zero. 
You're always on trial here and out of envy and hatred they try to pull you down. 
Suzaku: There's no point in trying to make people understand why I'm doing all these things. 
Because there was someone who did understand. 
Anyway, when you get down to it I am a sinner. 
Gino: Hey there you two. 
Looks like we gonna get that call we were waiting for. 
The one from Zero. 
Cecile: Should I really be here for this? 
Lloyd: You wanted to see Zero, didn't you? 
Cecile: Yes, but...

Suzaku: Sorry, all the other rooms are in use for special zone preparations. 
Cecile: Oh I see. 
You have to keep this confidential too, I guess. 
Lohmeyer: Is there some diplomatic reason for that outfit? 
Cecile: Yes, ma'am. 
I apologize...

Lloyd: Here it comes now. 
Zero: Ah, three Knights of the Round. 
However I don't see the viceroy with you. 
Suzaku: We don't need to worry her with the details. 
Lloyd: Excuse me, I just wanted to ask you. 
Are you the same Zero as before or are you a brand new one? 
Zero: Zero's truth is not based on who is within it's the actions that measure the man. 
Lloyd: Ah. 
A philosopher. 
Gino: You said you'd stop fighting and join in the special zone. 
But do you have full consensus on that from all the Black Knights? 
Zero: I have more than that. 
A million people have been mobilized. 
Cecile: A million? 
Suzaku: And they'll all participate? 
Zero: Yes. 
But there's one condition. 
You must let me go. 
Of course you'll have to explain this to your own people. 
So I suggest you punish me. 
By sending me into exile. 
Suzaku: And the Black Knights? 
Gino: He doesn't care about them. 
He just wants to save his own skin. 
Lloyd: If word of this gets out, your own people will string you up. 
Zero: That's why I've taken the precaution of keeping these top secret. 
Anya: How boring. 
Lohmeyer: Area law section 12, paragraph 8. 
It is within the viceroy's authority to apprehend subversive all rebellious elements and send them into exile. 
Suzaku: Miss Lohmeyer, are you suggesting we let Zero go? 
Lohmeyer: I'm simply stating the legal basis of action. 
Zero: In that case you can make the announcement at the opening ceremonies. 
Gino: That's some kinda sweet deal! 
If the big terrorist runs away the little terrorist will shake and quake and disappear. 
Suzaku: Perhaps, but where is justice? 
Suzaku: Our leagal counselors have confirmed that exiling Zero would be appropriate and within precedent. 
Nunnally: Right. 
That might be for the best. 
Crimes have been committed, my own desire to forgive them is a personal matter. 
Would you mind doing this please? 
I wrote Euphie's name right, didn't I? 
Suzaku: Euphie. 
We are going to make your dream a reality. 
A peaceful and gentle world for you. 
Nunnally: Is something wrong? 
Suzaku: No, it looks like there's someone else who's still grieving for Euphie's death. 
Nunnally: I wonder who it is. 
I'm glad there are others who loved her like we did. 
Rolo: So are you finish now? 
Lelouch: Yes. 
That was the last thing. 
There's nothing holding me here now. 
Announcer: This is the area of the Shizuoka ghetto that will soon become the special zone. 
A huge number of Elevens has already gathered for the opening ceremony. 
As there are over a million people here, verifying personal IDs will have to wait until after the event. 
The presence of this many Elevens is a clear testament to the enormous power and influence that Zero still commerce. 
Gino: But they don't know is that Zero has already betrayed them all. 
Britannian Army: You think there'll be a riot? 
Gino: If there is, we'll have the perfect excuse for a full scale crack down. 
Ah, but remember, we don't move until they do, got it? 
Britannian Army: Yes, My Lord. 
Ohgi: It can't be, Chigusa!? 
Villetta: Kaname Ohgi, are you out there somewhere? 
Xingke: Thank you for coming and for taking me back home. 
Xianglin: Are you all right with this now? 
Xingke: Of course I was just an acting consul. 
Once a new consul is chosen I simply have to return home. 
Besides this is an excellent opportunity. 
Xianglin: But what about the Black Knights? 
Xingke: The request I made to Britannia yesterday should set us up for the future. 
Xianglin: Lord Xingke, are you all right? 
Xingke: Don't be concerned. 
I just have to last a little longer. 
Nunnally: People of Japan, welcome to the specially administrated zone. 
I'm overjoyed that so many of you have gathered here for this great event. 
Please lend me your help so we can make history together. 
Britannian Army: Lord Guilford, you are in no condition for this. 
Guilford: The Japan special zone was Princess Euphemia's dream. 
Britannian Army: But there's still no sign of Zero anywhere. 
Guilford: That's because the man is a coward. 
He'll only show up when he thinks we can't get to him. 
Lohmeyer: Now then before the ceremony officially begins there is a matter we wish to confirm regarding Zero. 
As imperial subjects all those participating in the Japan special zone will have criminal charges against them reduce and criminals that are class 3 or lower will have their sentences suspended. 
However the instigator of the murder of former viceroy Calares cannot be forgiven. 
Therefore under special Area law, section 12 paragraph 8, Zero alone shall be banished and sent into exile. 
Milly: Huh? 
Shirley: Only Zero? 
Rivalz: So that means, he gets to run away all by himself? 
Zero: Thank you! 
My Britannian friends. 
I am grateful for your lenient treatment. 
Nunnally: So he came here afterall. 
Guilford: Make your move, Zero. 
If there's a riot we have full license to wipe out all the radical elements. 
Duly authorized by miss Lohmeyer. 
Suzaku: Show yourself, Zero! 
I'll escort you safely out of the country myself, I guarantee it! 
Lelouch: I don't wish to be in your debt, Suzaku Kururugi. 
However I have a question. 
What does it mean to be Japanese? 
A nation. 
Is it language? 
Territory? 
Blood lines? 
Suzaku: No! 
That's not it. 
It's in the heart. 
Lelouch: Then we're in agreement. 
A feeling within. 
A belonging. 
Dignity. 
Pride. 
The culture is carried in the heart. 
You're Japanese no matter where you are. 
Suzaku: Then what does that have to do with you running away by yourself? 
Tohdoh: Zero...! 
Lohmeyer: I figured they'd try something. 
Nunnally: What is it? 
What's going on? 
Anya: Viceroy. 
Guilford: So be it. 
All forces, prepare to cut them down! 
Britannian Army: Yes, My Lord. 
Suzaku: Hold on! 
They haven't made any violent moves yet. 
Gino: Zero may be the one who planned this, but does he have the guts to come out in the open and show himself? 
Lohmeyer: Well, well, it looks like he was right here on the grounds all this time. 
Lohmeyer: All of them!? 
Announcer: This is outrageous! 
Zero has appeared but not as expected. 
That is...! 
Gino: So this was your plan! 
Despite our overwhelming fire power you figured a way to move a million people. 
Lelouch: Viceroy Nunnally has ordered Zero into exile. 
Since we are all Zero we must all leave this country at once. 
Guilford: What? 
Lelouch: No matter where we go we are Japan for we carry it in our hearts. 
Let us set out for a new land! 
Kaguya: C'mon all you Zeros, let's go to a new world! 
Tamaki: Time to get exiled everybody. 
We are all Zero so we are all out of here! 
Zero: That's right! 
I'm Zero! 
Zero: Let's get deported! 
Zero: I'm Zero,too. 
C'mon! 
Lloyd: Aha, he wanted legal excuse to get them all out of Japan. 
Guilford: We prepared for a riot but we might have they let them go. 
Lohmeyer: Don't panic. 
It's a bluff. 
There's no way he can transport a million people. 
Britannian Army: We just got word from the port authority. 
Lohmeyer: The port? 
They wouldn't! 
The Chinese Federation requested safe passage for...

Britannian Army: Yes. 
The iceberg ship. 
But the applicant has already left the country. 
Lohmeyer: It can't... 
Zero: We are getting on that? 
Zero: But it's ice! 
Zero: Won't it melt? 
Rakshata: We'll be fine. 
The iceberg ship isn't destructible. 
It has so much insulating polymers and super-peltierfilm that ice will never melt. 
Britannian Army: Target the leader! 
Take out the real Zero! 
Britannian Army: Right, but how do we know which one is him? 
Rivalz: This is...

Shirley: What's gonna happen? 
Milly: It's that Zero's more than an idol now, he is a symbol. 
He's made himself into a living avatar for everyone. 
Villetta: Elevens, take your masks off! 
Tamaki: Britannian witch! 
Ohgi: Don't shoot! 
Don't let them drag us into a fight! 
That's not why we are here! 
Villetta: Ohgi, it that you? 
Ohgi: No, I'm Zero. 
Nunnally: Please tell me what's going on. 
Britannian Army: Miss Lohmeyer has stayed behind for operational oversight. 
Nunnally: You mean leave everything to her? 
Anya: It'll be all right. 
Suzaku is there with her. 
Lohmeyer: Sir Kururugi, we can't let a million laborers leave the country. 
Making an example of...

Suzaku: Hold on, please! 
Zero, order them to take off their masks. 
Do it now or there'll be another massacre! 
Tohdoh: Only if you order it, Suzaku. 
And even if we're all unmasked, no one would know who the real Zero is. 
Guilford: Sir Kururugi, this is an act of rebellion! 
Order us to fight! 
Ohgi: He's wrong. 
This is a way of resolving things without fighting. 
Gino: It's your call, Suzaku. 
You're in charge. 
Suzaku: Zero, we could let you escape. 
But a million people, to let them all go with you...! 
Lelouch: If the Black Knights leave, peace will come to Area 11. 
And Nunnally's reign will no longer be threaten by our presence. 
Suzaku: Even so this is a dirty way to do it. 
Lelouch: Give the order to let Zero go! 
Suzaku: I must give the order to shoot Zero. 
To kill him. 
Lohmeyer: I'll do it. 
Zero! 
Nunnally: Crimes have been committed, my own desire to forgive them is a personal matter. 
Suzaku: That's right. 
Euphie and Nunnally both wanted to forgive them. 
Lohmeyer: We're dealing with Zero! 
Suzaku: Zero's to be exiled! 
That was our agreement. 
If we break it the people will never trust us again. 
Lohmeyer: The people? 
These are Elevens. 
Only you speak of them as people because you're are one of them. 
Suzaku: This has nothing to do with that! 
If they're all subversives why do you want them here? 
So you can massacre them!? 
Lohmeyer: They have challenged Britannian rules. 
So let them burn in hell! 
Suzaku: Shouldn't we get rid of these destructive elements then? 
They're exiling themselves. 
Lohmeyer: But...

Suzaku: Zero, can you promise that you'll lead them to salvation? 
Zero: Of course. 
And you Suzaku Kururugi, can you promise the one's who stay behind will find salvation in your hands? 
Suzaku: That's exactly why I became a Britannian soldier. 
Zero: I understand. 
I will trust in the promise you've made. 
Did you hear that? 
All Zeros, sir Kururugi has declared it. 
Rebels are hereby exiled. 
Nothing holds us back now. 
Forward, to the land of freedom! 
Tamaki: Let's go while we have the chance. 
Ohgi: Good bye then, lady Britannian. 
Guilford: A perfect chance to kill them all and he's throwing it away! 
Xianglin: My Lord Xingke, it seems the Area 11 operation has succeeded. 
Xingke: I see. 
Looks like Zero's next performance would be on our stage. 
Lloyd: So Suzaku managed to save a million lives and no one will ever thank him for it. 
Cecile: I think he knew that going in. 
He's used it now. 
Suzaku: His whole plan was based on one prediction. 
That I would give the order to hold fire and let them go. 
You know me well, Zero. 
Lelouch: You are my worst enemy. 
I know you, Suzaku. 
And I also know Nunnally. 
I know her heart. 
That is why I can foresee the outcome. 
And for now I am grateful to you, Suzaku Kururugi. 
Don't ever forget the promise you've made to me. 
The Chinese Federation, an alliance of nations boasting the largest population on the planet. 
But the truth is, it can be called a doddering old man. 
The symbol of this alliance is the empress. 
The ruling class which controls society from within her shadow has grown exceedingly tyrannical while poverty and stagnation have sapped the life from the nation's people. 
When the Black Knights fled Japan they sought refuge in this neighboring federation. 
The High Eunuchs, the most powerful men at the time, lend the Japanese people the man-made island of Hourai, built for tidal power generation off the Jiangsu province on the coast of the Yellow Sea. 
Even though this arrangement was worked out well in advance, all the political implications of the deal will not become apparent until a later time. 
Minami: Man, the Federation's laying a lot of recognition on us. 
Sugiyama: There was that whole bit with Sawasaki, too. 
Think they're pro-Japanese? 
Asahina: The High Eunuchs, you mean? 
Tamaki: Asahina! 
Don't you know? 
The High Eunuchs may be guys but they got no jewels down below. 
Minami: That's enough. 
You'll get us in trouble for saying stuff like that. 
Tamaki: Aw, chill out! 
Ohgi: Hey, I need a hand off-loading the knightmares. 
Asahina: What? 
They're here already? 
Something's gotta be going on behind the scenes for India to be giving us this much cooperation. 
Tamaki: No, I think it's that they're serious. 
They want their independence from the Chinese Federation as well. 
Asahina: Rakshata mentioned that, too. 
Tamaki: Considering the place is nowheresville. 
Children: C'mon. 
Hurry. 
Diethard: We finished picking out stuff leader candidates. 
Should we assign them to the Ikaruga for now? 
Lelouch: Yes. 
That leaves us with the municipal leaders. 
Diethard: Correct. 
Let's work with the intelligent section and get that setup. 
Now then, if you'll excuse me. 
Kallen: Are you sure that we can depend on Diethard? 
He acts on his own like what he did with Sayoko. 
Lelouch: On the contrary, he's easy to read. 
Kallen: Huh? 
Lelouch: In that man's mind he's trying to turn Zero into a symbol for god. 
Going from there you can guess what actions he'll take. 
Besides he has a useful talent for manipulating information. 
Tohdoh: All right. 
That just about does it. 
That only leaves the combat carrier. 
You're installing the Gawain's system onto the Ikaruga, aren't you? 
Rakshata: I use the same on Shinkiro, too. 
The Gawain's main body was so damaged when we salvaged it from the sea. 
Chiba: And what about the unit that sank with it? 
Tohdoh: The one being called the Knight Gigafortress? 
Rakshata: I tried to find out myself however...



Kallen: You seriously wanna take down the Chinese Federation's capital? 
Lelouch: In such a way that we won't be viewed as invaders. 
If we overthrow the Luoyang, we clear a lot of conditions for defeating Britannia. 
Kallen: He seems to be okay now. 
I don't know what was happening with him that time. 
Lelouch: What is it? 
Kallen: Tell me something, Lelouch. 
Why did you come back to us? 
Lelouch: Kallen, when this is over, will you then return with me to Ashford. 
'cause I'm...

C.C: Tabasco? 
Lelouch: How long have you been there? 
C.C: It needs Tabasco, but all we have is hot sesame oil. 
What should I do? 
Lelouch: I wouldn't know. 
Kallen: I wouldn't neither. 
Kaguya: Master Zero! 
Please come to the Ikaruga, hurry! 
We've got trouble! 
Lelouch: What!? 
A political marriage? 
Kaguya: Yes. 
I received an invitation to the wedding through the Sumeragi Conglomerate. 
The bride to be is the empress, icon of the Chinese Federation. 
I'm her good friend that she wants me to attend. 
Tohdoh: And the groom is to be the first prince of Britannia. 
Rakshata: That one they call Odysseus. 
Diethard: It's too soon to activate the plan we've setup. 
I didn't expect that the High Eunuchs would...

Lelouch: No. 
This is a Britannian plot. 
Ohgi: What do we do under the circumstance? 
Lelouch: The worst possible situation. 
Lelouch: And I was going to move in and grab the empress before they had a chance to! 
I never imagine that mediocre man could act so quickly. 
Tamaki: Oh, why worry about it? 
It's not as if we were involved Britannia anymore? 
Kallen: What!? 
Tamaki: We've been kicked out! 
Have you forgotten? 
Inoue: Um...but they haven't exonerated us of our crimes, have they? 
Black Knights: However a political marriage...

Black Knights: There's always the possibility that the Chinese Federation might attack us. 
Tamaki: And what then!? 
The Black Knights are wrapped up and given as a wedding present? 
Kaguya: Actually, that's an apt way to put it. 
C.C: You're sure developing a useless ability there. 
Tamaki: We're in big trouble here! 
We're in no position to sit around and make jokes! 
Rakshata: Which is why...

Ohgi: We are discussing the matter at this moment. 
Diethard: Zero, the one behind this...

Lelouch: Yes, there's another person. 
The one who overnight made this fiendish move in order to reverse their embittered relationship with the Chinese Federation. 
Xingke: They would dare barter away the empress to the Britannians? 
Suzaku: Tell me, did the empress willingly consent to this marriage? 
Cecile: That's what they said so we can only take their word for it. 
Besides this arrangement may be the path to peace. 
Suzaku: True enough. 
Cecile: Today let's just be good guests and enjoy ourselves...

Gino: Suzaku, look! 
I've found it! 
This is that charred newt stuff you told me about, isn't it? 
So how do I eat it? 
Suzaku: That's a decoration made out of food. 
Gino: Decoration? 
But didn't I see you eat a bird like this earlier in the reception? 
Suzaku: Do you mean the Chinese phoenix? 
Cecile: Oh, that's what it was, huh? 
I thought it was meat but it was really carrot...

Gino: Is this made out of potato? 
I mean, I can eat it? 
Cecile: Excuse me, Lord Alstreim, are you accessing your e-mails here in the reception hall? 
Anya: No, I'm memorizing something. 
Cecile: Oh, that's a diary? 
Lloyd: Well then you're recording not memorizing. 
Milly: Um, Lloyd, I have a serious question to ask you. 
Am I still your fiance or not? 
Lloyd: You're...we didn't call it off, did we? 
Kanon: This is a rare picture. 
I figured you'd skip the celebration party and just attend the ceremony tomorrow. 
Lloyd: Occasionally Suzaku gets angry with me and says that I ought behave like a betrothed man. 
And this young woman right here is the issue. 
Milly: It's pleasure to meet you. 
My name is Milly Ashford. 
Kanon: Pleasure is mine. 
I'm dumbfounded to find Lloyd showing interests in anything human. 
Lloyd: Yeah, I must be growing up. 
Allow me to introduce Earl Kanon Maldini, Prince Schneizel's aide-de-camp. 
Kanon: Public and private. 
Milly: Huh? 
Kanon: I'm kidding. 
It's so happens the prince has a preference for unusual things, which includes myself. 
Announcement: Announcing the arrival of the prime minister of the Holy Britannian Empire, second Prince Schneizel. 
Milly: It can't be... Nina! 
Odysseus: My, I never thought my younger brother would keep the company of just one particular woman. 
People: Who is that girl? 
People: Isn't she the chief of Invogue? 
People: Yes. 
The prince's research team. 
People: She's awfully young. 
People: A girl like that should know her place. 
Schneizel: Be strong. 
Euphie always presented herself grandly. 
Nina: Right. 
Gino: It's been a while, Your Highness. 
The emperor has commanded that we accept orders from you while in this land. 
Schneizel: Three Knights of the Round at court. 
How splendid! 
Although...

Gino: What, sir? 
Schneizel: This is a celebration. 
Relax a bit and have some fun. 
Gino: Understood sir. 
Nina: Suzaku, I trust everyone at school is doing well? 
Suzaku: Yep. 
You see? 
Milly: Hi, there. 
Nina: Huh? 
Milly, it's you. 
Xianglin: A secret agreement has already been setup between Prince Schneizel and High Eunuchs. 
When she's married they'll cede our territory to them. 
He'll then grant the High Eunuchs titles of Britannian nobility. 
Xingke: Nobility. 
They would sell off their country for that? 
Soldier: And our people? 
Soldier: Death to the High Eunuchs! 
Soldier: We've gotta stop this wedding even if it means putting our plan into action early! 
Xianglin: But if we stage a coup, Britannia's going to declare war. 
Xingke: Either way. 
Ensure peace, or we do not. 
Soldier: But Your Majesty, this man broke a law by trying to save the life of an inmates. 
Tianzi: Yes, but...I get brought medicine when I'm sick and the person who bring it isn't punished. 
Soldier: There's no comparing that prisoner with you, Your Majesty. 
High Eunuch: Don't argue. 
The banquet will be starting soon. 
Do as Her Majesty commands. 
Soldier: If he's taken to face the law, he'll be executed. 
Tianzi: But that's wrong! 
That's wrong! 
He was doing something good so he shouldn't die because of it! 
Soldier: Well, you see...

Tianzi: Officer school? 
Xingke: Yes. 
That's how I use the life that you spared. 
I wish to protect you in anyway I can. 
Tianzi: I would like to go, too. 
To the outside. 
Xingke: Outside? 
Tianzi: Outside of the forbidden city. 
To school or maybe the sea. 
Where we can find all kinds of hot yummy foods and lots of friends to make. 
Xingke: Yes, very well. 
One day if you still wish, I will take you away from here, Your Majesty. 
Tianzi: Really? 
Xingke: It's my way of thanking you for sparing my life. 
This is how we make promises outside the city. 
An everlasting promise. 
Tianzi: For all time. 
Xingke: Ether I protect Your Majesty or I allow an alliance to ensure peace. 
Odysseus: At any rate I'm certainly glad this arrangement all worked out. 
I'm no good at fighting. 
High Eunuch: Your Highness, will the emperor be attending the wedding? 
Odysseus: He informed me at the banquet back in the homeland that he would attend. 
Announcement: Miss Kaguya Sumeragi, the representative of the Sumeragi Conglomerate. 
Suzaku: Kaguya? 
What? 
Kanon: It's Zero. 
How dare he...

Gino: That red head with him. 
Isn't she the Guren pilot? 
People: Who invite him to a place like this? 
People: He's a terrorist. 
Schneizel: Well, well, well. 
Lelouch: Schneizel! 
So you are the puppet master behind all this. 
Nina: You're nearly ready to graduate, aren't you? 
Milly: I suppose I should finish, huh? 
But I'm happy for you. 
You seem to be doing well for yourself. 
Frankly I'm relieved. 
Nina: You relieved? 
Milly: Ah-ha. 
If anything happens you can come to me for advice. 
Nina: Just stop that. 
Milly, I like you. 
I really do. 
However I hate women who have no depth to them. 
Princess Euphemia didn't abandon me. 
Instead of running away she risked her own life to save mine. 
She was the only one who helped me. 
Milly: And I'll help you too. 
Nina: Will you stop spouting pity for me! 
You are always playing around as a campus queen! 
And you hide behind Ashford as if it's a shield! 
It's the same with your engagement to professor Lloyd! 
You always look down on me, acting like some self-appointed guardian while you swim in your own hypocrisy! 
I've changed! 
It's time you acknowledge that! 
Tianzi: Kaguya! 
High Eunuch: Well, our wedding present has arrived of its own accord. 
My, this worked out wonderfully. 
Tianzi: You're giving them Kaguya, too? 
High Eunuch: Put that girl out of your mind. 
Her crimes warrant the death penalty. 
Tianzi: No, you can't. 
That's wrong. 
This isn't Britannia! 
High Eunuch: Your Majesty, the Black Knights are the ones who killed Gao Hai. 
Please don't get involved. 
Just leave the politics to us. 
Isn't that what you've always done? 
Let us handle things our way? 
Tianzi: But she's a friend. 
Schneizel: Can we please stop quarreling now? 
Today is a day of celebration, is it not? 
High Eunuch: But sir...

Schneizel: Miss Sumeragi, will you refrain from having Zero accompany you to the wedding tomorrow? 
Kaguya: I suppose...I don't have much of a choice, do I? 
Schneizel: If that is the wish of the prime minister of Britannia then...withdraw! 
Lelouch: So Schneizel, you appear right before me. 
As watchful as ever, I see. 
Kaguya: Suzaku Kururugi, do you remember me? 
We're cousins you and I.

Suzaku: Of course I do. 
Kaguya: We're the last remaining survivors of the six houses of Kyoto, aren't we? 
Suzaku: Taizo Kirihara and the others supported terrorists. 
Nothing could've stayed their executions. 
Kaguya: But this is different. 
Cousin, did you forget that master Zero once saved your life? 
Do you plan to execute someone you owe your life to? 
Suzaku: There's no comparison. 
Kaguya: Oh, how sad! 
It's a good thing we are not able to kill anybody merely with the words we say. 
Lelouch: Prince Schneizel. 
Would you care for a game of chess? 
Schneizel: Chess? 
Lelouch: If I win I'd like to have Sir Kururugi. 
Kallen: What? 
Lelouch: I want to give him to you, Lady Kaguya. 
Kaguya: Oh, that would be absolutely marvelous present! 
Lelouch: Enjoy your anticipation of it. 
If I can get Suzaku out of here I can use my Geass on all the others. 
A checkmate that would turn everything around. 
Schneizel: I'll agree to your terms. 
However if you lose I want you to remove your mask and show your face. 
Lelouch: Agreed. 
Schneizel: What a fine evening of entertainment this is turned into. 
Odysseus: Surely we don't have to watch from a separate room away from the show...

High Eunuch: He's playing a terrorist. 
Something could happen, sir. 
Kaguya: That's ridiculous. 
It's my husband who's going to win! 
Odysseus: I understand how you feel miss Sumeragi, but I can't imagine anyone but my brother Schneizel winning this game. 
Anya: This is the ace of the Black Knights. 
Pilot of the Guren. 
Gino: Yeah, the one from before. 
She's a lot prettier than her wanted poster. 
That's my kinda woman! 
Kanon: He is good. 
His Highness is losing. 
Lelouch: Oh, I didn't expect you to turn the tables on me so quickly. 
My brother was and still is a master of this game. 
He's the only person I could never beat. 
However that was eight years ago. 
Schneizel: It's your king. 
Lelouch: If the king doesn't lead how can he expect his subordinates to follow. 
Schneizel: Impressive strategy. 
In fact, I'll do the same. 
Odysseus: I'm on the edge of my seat wondering who are win this now. 
Kaguya: Oh, they're evenly matched. 
Lloyd: Stubborn competition. 
Practically a fight. 
Lelouch: So you can't advance any further, can you? 
Schneizel: We'll get into a threefold repetition at this rate. 
Lelouch: It wasn't my intention but shall we declare this a draw? 
Schneizel: I think not. 
You would do well not underestimate the white king, my friend. 
Lelouch: You wouldn't! 
Schneizel: Checkmate. 
Kanon: But that means if Zero moves his king forward...

Kallen: ...then he'll capture...

Suzaku: ...Prince Schneizel's king. 
Odysseus: Oh that's too big of a joke! 
Kaguya: He's deliberately losing the game? 
Lelouch: What is this? 
You're simply handing me a victory? 
If I accept this invitation I'll be giving in to his intent! 
I can't allow this! 
This humiliation! 
Schneizel: With no hesitation whatsoever the emperor would've grabbed it. 
I've now learned just a bit about what kind of man you really are, Zero. 
Lelouch: Schneizel! 
You dare look down on me like that! 
Nina: Zero! 
Princess Euphemia will be avenged! 
Suzaku: Stop it, Nina. 
Drop the knife! 
Nina: Why are you stopping me? 
You of all people should understand since you were Princess Euphemia's knight! 
Suzaku: That's right. 
Then why...

Nina: You're just an Eleven afterall...

Kallen: Nina! 
Nina: Why Kallen, you're half Britannian and yet you choose to protect that monster! 
Kallen: No. 
That's incorrect. 
I'm Japanese, Nina. 
Nina: No, you're not? 
You're an Eleven. 
You're an Eleven and you pretend to be my friend? 
Give her back to me! 
Give back Princess Euphemia! 
I needed her! 
She was a goddess to me! 
Suzaku: Nina...

Nina: Zero... killed her, but you...

Suzaku: This is just another tragedy that Zero has caused. 
Nina: Oh, Nina...

Kallen: I'm sorry. 
About everything. 
However...

Milly: Kallen, you haven't changed at all. 
Even during the Black Rebellion you were worried about us. 
Meanwhile I...

Lelouch: I will never turn back! 
Schneizel: My profound apology, Zero. 
Let's put an end to our little game here. 
Now that I've confirmed my suspicions, I'd like to remind you not to attend the ceremony tomorrow. 
Otherwise, a game of chess won't save you next time. 
Odysseus: Have no fear. 
Tianzi: That's right. 
I'm marrying this man tomorrow. 
And once we're married I'll be leaving the forbidden city with him. 
I will go to Britannia as a hostage. 
Never dreamed this was how I would finally reach the outside. 
It would be my first, and last time. 
I won't be able to return here again, will I? 
I... 
I...



Xingke: We ask this question, by the voice of heaven, the roar of the land, and the hearts of the people: How does this marriage represent the will of the Chinese Federation?! 
Shirley: Terrorist? 
Rivalz: No I think they've got a coup d'etat going on. 
High Eunuch: Xingke, have you lost your mind? 
Xingke: Be silent, Zhao Hao! 
In the name of my fellow country men I challenge the legality of this wedding! 
Soldier: Hold him back! 
Xingke: It's strange. 
As much as I pray to save my starving people I can only think about Her Majesty's welfare. 
Right now, I must...

High Eunuch: Cut off the broadcast! 
Announcer: This is a terrible situ...

Rivalz: Oh, no! 
What about Milly! 
Kallen: Lady Kaguya, let's get out of here. 
Nina: What...

Cecile: Let's go! 
Suzaku: All right. 
High Eunuch: Seize him! 
We can't let anything happen to the Britannians. 
Otherwise it'll be disastrous! 
Soldier: Traitor! 
You think the empress belongs to you and no other! 
Xingke: That's right. 
I have no idea what my action is in accordance with Her Majesty's wishes. 
She may not even have the faintest memory of what occurred six years ago. 
But no matter... 
I made an everlasting promise to Her Majesty in return for sparing my life! 
A vow I sworn in my heart! 
I must... 
I must save the empress! 
I will take her to the outside world! 
Tianzi: Xingke! 
Xingke! 
Xingke! 
Xingke! 
Xingke! 
Xingke: She does. 
She remembers! 
In my heart, there is no more doubt! 
Tianzi: Xingke! 
Lelouch: I appreciate this, Xingke. 
You've made it so much easier for me to make my move. 
High Eunuch: Oh, that man, too? 
Xingke: Zero, what is the meaning of this? 
Lelouch: Don't move! 
Kanon: What a wretched coward! 
Schneizel: Zero, my warning fell on deaf ears. 
Xingke: I thought the Black Knights owed us what we did for them in area Eleven. 
Lelouch: Which is why I'm ruining this wedding. 
Exactly as you people wanted. 
The only thing is I'm taking the bride with me! 
Tianzi: Xingke! 
Xingke: You Majesty! 
You filthy scum! 
Lelouch: Oh am I? 
V.V. : Yes. 
If Zero's true objective turns out to be here we are in trouble. 
Jeremiah: Yes. 
Is that why you've made preparations for me? 
V.V. : It is. 
Jeremiah: Thank you very much. 
Once I'm properly adjusted C.C. and Lelouch will be no match for me. 
Your expectations of Jeremiah Gottwald will be more than satisfied. 
I promise you! 
Even if they try to move now, it's too late. 
The empress, the symbol of the Chinese Federation has fallen into my hands. 
Xingke, the High Eunuchs, Schneizel too, let them all dance to my plan! 
I'm through positioning my pieces. 
This is no game of chess. 
I intend to checkmate the nation known as the Chinese Federation. 
And once I have, I'm coming for him, I'll possess the power to confront the emperor of Britannia! 
And for that, I swear I'll...
   Three great powers control the world.Two of them, the Holy Britannian Empire and the Chinese Federation,are trying to become one through a political marriage.This would be the ultimate threat to the United States of Japan.That is why Zero has acted by kidnapping the Chinese Federation's young empress,the symbol of her nation.Can dreams cut a path through destiny?Can passion triumph over fate?Or are such things ephemeral? 
Like flower petals fluttering in the breeze. 
Soldier: Lady Xianglin, the guests are fleeing the reception hall just as we predicted, but we have reports that Zero has shown up as well. 
Tianzi: Zero? 
Section three, report your break in status. 
Master Xingke needs backup at once! 
Could it be...? 
Is Zero using our plan for his own purposes? 
Tianzi: Xingke! 
Xingke: Zero! 
Will you release Her Majesty or not? 
Lelouch: Xingke! 
Do you think you're able to free the empress alone? 
You're mistaken! 
Xingke: You even had a Knightmare prepared for this? 
Tohdoh: I never thought the Zangetsu's first mission would be the stealing bride from a wedding. 
Lelouch: Tohdoh, get Schneizel. 
Tohdoh: Right. 
I'm on it. 
He's already here. 
Suzaku: Hands off the prince. 
Tohdoh: Suzaku. 
Suzaku: It can't be. 
Master Tohdoh? 
Gino: Flee while you can, Your Highness. 
Schneizel: I guess it can't be helped. 
Brother. 
Odysseus: Yes, I think we should. 
Lelouch: Schneizel! 
High Eunuch: We should go, too. 
Leave it to the soldiers. 
High Eunuch: Yes. 
Chiba: Zero, the operation's on schedule. 
Lelouch: Good. 
Enter phase 3. 
Chiba: We're on our way. 
Tianzi: Xingke! 
Xingke: Damn it! 
Suzaku: Yes, now! 
Suzaku: The same system as the Guren? 
Tohdoh: So, it does work. 
With this Zangetsu, I can take on a class one warrior like Suzaku. 
Suzaku: So be it. 
I'll pull all you...

Tohdoh: Think! 
Will you shoot at me in this position? 
Suzaku: The Forbidden City. 
Are they...? 
Tohdoh: Suzaku Kururugi, taste defeat! 
Suzaku: Kyoshiro Tohdoh, not yet! 
Tohdoh: Shadow Longsword! 
Suzaku: He got my float unit! 
Tohdoh: You could still launch a direct attack? 
Lelouch: Tohdoh, return you and your unit. 
You destroyed the Lancelot's float unit. 
So he can't pursue us. 
That's enough for now. 
We need you here. 
Tohdoh: Understood. 
Kaguya: Your Majesty, you'll soon be outside the Forbidden City. 
Tianzi: Huh? 
Xingke: Deploy the Dragon Cavalry to pursue them. 
High Eunuch: That is now our task. 
You were relieved of duty. 
High Eunuch: Are they trying to escape through our capital radar surveillance network? 
High Eunuch: Absurd. 
How could they know that? 
It's barely ten days since they arrived here. 
There's no way for them to find that out. 
Inoue: General Tohdoh, we'll begin resupplying Knightmares from Chiba's Akatsuki. 
Tohdoh: Good. 
Then resupply the Zangetsu and Guren after we return to the Ikaruga. 
Tamaki: Okay, take the next left turn. 
C.C: Is that correct? 
Tamaki: Oops, my mistake! 
C.C: Idiot! 
Kaguya: Are you all right, Your Majesty? 
Tianzi: Are we, outside the palace? 
Kaguya: Yes. 
I'm sorry I didn't expect that your dream would come true in such a violent way like this but...

Tianzi: You remembered about my dream, too! 
You both did! 
Kallen: They don't know when to quit. 
Get lost! 
Tamaki: Now take the next right. 
C.C: No, we go straight here. 
Tamaki: What? 
You know how to get there? 
C.C: Long ago. 
There's something I...

Lelouch: Our nation, the United States of Japan, should be thought of as just a part of giant union of united states. 
Including the United States of China. 
And for that we need you. 
Kaguya: The Indian southern province has already promised support. 
Mongolia and Burma will probably move with them. 
Lelouch: This union of united states will form an axis to oppose Britannia. 
Tianzi: But our nation's already a federated system...

Lelouch: All systems are limited. 
That's why the High Eunuchs sold you to Britannia for their own ambition. 
That is unforgivable. 
Tianzi: Um, it's hard to understand this, but...

Kaguya: Your Majesty? 
Tianzi: Huh? 
Kaguya: Is Li Xingke the one you'd really like to be married to? 
Tianzi: Huh? 
Oh, no. 
He just made a promise...

Kaguya: As your fiance? 
Tianzi: Well I, I told him I wanted to go outside six years ago. 
Kaguya: It was that long ago? 
He must be destined for you! 
Tianzi: You, you think so? 
Kaguya: That's great! 
C.C: Are you sure you want leave her to Kaguya? 
Lelouch: Since the empress doesn't respond to theoretical arguments. 
C.C: You don't like that. 
Lelouch: It's hard to deal with. 
Tamaki: Say, Zero. 
Have you come up with some kind of position for me yet? 
I'm wide open, man! 
Maybe you can pose me as finance minister or head of banking. 
C.C: How about grand minister of partying? 
Tamaki: I told you to quit making fun of me like that! 
C'mon, we're all buddies, right? 
Lelouch: We'll discuss it after we finish the mission. 
Tamaki: Huh? 
What? 
The bridge is gone? 
Soldier: This is Forbidden City strike force, unit four. 
Target is currently stopped at Shen Chun. 
High Eunuch: They're such fools. 
Lelouch: They fell for it just as I thought they would. 
Asahina! 
Asahina: I'm on it. 
All units ready for attack! 
High Eunuch: An ambush? 
Soldier: Enemy troops! 
We are surrounded! 
High Eunuch: What? 
Shoot them, hurry! 
High Eunuch: No, wait! 
The empress! 
Asahina: Okay, let's try out these new weapons! 
Xingke: They've taken out our strike force, haven't they? 
High Eunuch: How did you know that? 
Xingke: If I were in their place I'd hang back and stage an ambush at the Shen Chun ravine. 
High Eunuch: And then? 
Xingke: Then I join up with my main force in Shao Pei. 
High Eunuch: Hmm, Xingke, we're willing to overlook your crimes if you can bring back our empress. 
High Eunuch: We'll even give you a new weapon. 
Lloyd: How is prince Odysseus? 
Schneizel: He seems to have calmed down at last. 
He's resting. 
Suzaku: Then, once we replace my float unit, I can go after the empress. 
Kanon: No, we can't go there unless requested by the Chinese Federation. 
Suzaku: I understand, but we're missing our chance. 
Lelouch: That went more smoothly than I'd hoped. 
Perhaps I should thank Xingke for setting his own plan in motion. 
He's a talented strategist. 
C.C: So how did you find out he was planning a coup detat at the ceremony. 
Lelouch: I was working on the same thing. 
C.C: Including the E.C.M. 
and the ambush? 
Lelouch: Yes. 
While we were setting our traps we found some of Xingke's men setting their's on the same escape route. 
C.C: I see. 
Then you got them to tell you their plan. 
Did you have to use a truth serum? 
Lelouch: Yes, it's called Geass. 
Is there news from Hourai island? 
Diethard: Reinforcements from India have already arrived there. 
Ohgi: We just have to return and rendezvous with them. 
How are things with the empress? 
Hinata: An attack? 
Our forward Knightmare unit is being wiped out! 
Ohgi: Stop! 
All units come to a halt! 
Lelouch: Strange... 
It should have at least an hour before we encountered enemy forces. 
Unless someone is guessing our moves in advance. 
Black Knights: A Knightmare? 
Minami: Zoom in, hurry! 
Lelouch: What is it? 
Why is it equipped with the same flight system we use? 
Xingke: Knightmare frame Shen Hu. 
And it's only running at 40% of full output. 
How could the High Eunuchs have built it? 
Asahina: Flight-enabled or not, it's only one unit. 
Surround it! 
Chiba: No, hold on! 
Xingke: You underestimate the Shen Fu with your peril. 
Chiba: How dare you! 
Xingke: Silence! 
You people have no say here! 
Can you hear me, Zero? 
Lelouch: It can't be! 
Xingke? 
Xingke: Zero, you shall not pass! 
Kaguya: That's exactly why I'm calling. 
I want to know why we stopped here. 
Oh, I see. 
Yes, it's completely sound proof in here, but...

Xingke: Now, return the empress. 
Do it and I spare your lives. 
Kallen: Xingke! 
Xingke: A flight-enabled Guren! 
Kallen Kouzuki! 
Even so the Shen Hu will crush you! 
Tohdoh: Can we deploy the Zangetsu? 
Soldier: Well we just detached float unit so...

Tamaki: Ahhhhh, get him Kallen! 
Soldier: But it isn't recharged. 
Tamaki: Relax, buddy. 
She fought off the Knights of the Round before with the Guren just like that. 
Kallen: Get a shot! 
Not bad. 
But I'm...a Black Knight ace! 
Xingke: Show me, Shen Fu. 
Show me your power! 
Yusk: Oh no, that's...

Lelouch: You know what it is? 
Yusk: Well, you see...

Rakshata: He knows. 
Because our team built it. 
C.C: What are you saying? 
Rakshata: We developed it at the same time as the Guren. 
But it was too high spec to handle. 
A one-off kind Knightmare but no pilot could master. 
Until now. 
Kallen: Eat this! 
Xingke: Try this! 
Kaguya: It's all right. 
We're going to be all right. 
Xingke: The heavenly particle shocking cannon. 
It's just as powerful...

Kallen: ...as powerful as the radiant wave surger! 
Lelouch: But how did our enemies obtain it? 
Diethard: The solidarity of Indian forces might be split against us. 
Rakshata: That old man, Maharaja! 
Ohgi: Does it have a weakness? 
Rakshata: It's based on a different design concept than the Guren. 
There's no radiant wave system. 
And piloting it takes skills that'll almost be unhuman. 
Ohgi: Well there's a human piloting it now, isn't there? 
Rakshata: Quite so. 
Xingke: I have you. 
Your fate is sealed. 
Kallen: That's right. 
And so is your's. 
Xingke: What? 
Kallen: You can't get away from me now. 
And this way I take you apart! 
Xingke: Really? 
Then I have no choice. 
I'm going to have to crush you. 
Kallen: Let's see you try. 
My power supply! 
Ohgi: Kallen! 
Tamaki: I said that she should have recharged first! 
Asahina: The cockpit block's wrapped up. 
She can't eject! 
Chiba: We can cut the cables with the pincer move. 
Asahina: Roger that. 
Xingke: I didn't choose this course, you did. 
I have only one objective. 
To release the empress. 
Release her at once. 
Damn it! 
Now of all times. 
Can I fight like this? 
Chiba: What? 
Hinata: Chinese Federation behind us. 
A huge force! 
Xianglin: Anti air craft barrage. 
Cover master Xingke. 
Xingke: Thank you, Xianglin. 
Kallen: No, hold on a minute! 
Asahina: K-Kallen, no. 
Tohdoh: The Chinese Federation? 
Lelouch: She's their prisoner? 
Impossible! 
Kallen, is your radio working? 
Kallen: Sorry, I failed you. 
Lelouch: Forget about that! 
Don't give up. 
I promise I'll save you. 
Am I clear? 
No hasty moves. 
Kallen: Right. 
I understand. 
I won't give up. 
I'll do yo...

Ohgi: Hurry! 
Bring the Ikaruga around immediately! 
Diethard: I respectfully suggest we withdraw. 
Ohgi: What? 
We have to get Kallen back. 
Diethard: Kallen Kouzuki is a single combat loss. 
Minami: So just leave her? 
Diethard: Mr. Minami, consider our choice. 
You don't take on them enemy like the Chinese Federation over a single life, no matter who it is. 
We must preserve our military strength and hold out until we rendezvous with the Indian forces. 
Zero, it's your decision. 
You gave special comfort to Captain Kouzuki before. 
If you show her favoritism now, it could put our entire operation that risk. 
It could ruin us. 
Lelouch: But...

Diethard: You must put aside your personal feelings. 
Grand plans require sacrifice. 
Kallen: I'm waiting, Lelouch. 
Milly: Ah, Knight of the Round? 
Lelouch: I've made my decision! 
We're going in now! 
Diethard: But why? 
If we lose we'll be crushed. 
Lelouch: If the Indian forces betray us we'll also be crushed. 
Diethard: Yes, but...

Lelouch: Chiba and Asahina, use a crane wing formation. 
We'll teach Xingke the difference between strategy and tactics! 
Ohgi: Right. 
: Yes, sir. 
Minami: Thank you, Zero. 
Suzaku: We've been told to stand by here and wait for orders. 
Milly: Oh. 
Say, Suzaku, did you see these? 
Show him those photos, lady Alstreim? 
Suzaku: What are they? 
Anya: Here. 
Suzaku: Oh, from my welcome home party. 
Huh, That one's an invasion of privacy... Oh, Lelouch. 
Anya: Huh? 
Lelouch? 
Suzaku: If Shirley saw that she'd be really mad. 
Milly: Aha? 
Suzaku: Oh, that's right. 
We have to contact Ashford. 
But I need get permission first. 
Milly: I see. 
Well, I can't be helped. 
Lelouch and the others must be so worried about us. 
Anya: Is this also Lelouch? 
Lelouch: Black Knights, prepare for battle! 
The terrain offers little cover. 
And there's no geographic advantage. 
Xingke: The enemy forces are improvised one. 
Their chain of command is all focused on Zero. 
However their Knightmare Frames give them an advantage. 
Lelouch: So the Chinese Federation battle plan would be...

Xingke: To put the Shen Fu on the front line and break through...

Lelouch: Our center! 
Tohdoh: I'll stop the Shen Fu with my Zangetsu! 
Xingke: Dragon Cavalry three, our range is superior so keep firing as you advance! 
Lelouch: We've blocked Xingke. 
Akatsuki team, fire! 
Hong Gu: It's true that Xingke's pinned down. 
but so is Tohdoh. 
Therefore the battle will be decided by the skill of the warriors. 
Xingke: Hit the enemy force head on and hammer their advanced unit! 
Ignore their left and right flanks! 
Tohdoh: Without Kouzuki, we are one move behind in this game. 
Minase: They've broken into our center. 
Ohgi: Where's their main force? 
Minase: On a forward line. 
Lelouch: Right. 
All tasks at hand are cleared. 
Begin counter attack. 
Chiba, right one! 
Asahina, left one! 
Use attack pattern sigma! 
Prepare for rearward fire! 
Focus barrage on main enemy force. 
Hit the forward units! 
Once the Shen Fu's power's used up and Xingke's neutralized the battle is ours. 
Xingke: Advance! 
If we get blocked down here we'll be wiped out! 
Ohgi: We're taking Kallen back! 
Tamaki: Hit them hard! 
Sugiyama: Prepare for hand-to-hand combat! 
Black Knights: Draw swords! 
Xingke: There's more? 
You've deployed all your forces to try to finish us, Zero? 
High Eunuch: Such [wild?] 
risks. 
His whole battle plan hinges on the Shen Fu. 
High Eunuch: What a reckless daredevil! 
Xianglin: No. 
He's drawing Zero into his net. 
The true purpose of this formation is...

Lelouch: Xingke, your plan was to rip down the bank of the waterway. 
But I lowered the water levels before the battle. 
Xingke: You think there isn't enough to trap you. 
That, Zero, is why you lost. 
Tamaki: Ah, what a...? 
Chiba: I can't pull out! 
High Eunuch: Wait! 
Isn't this...? 
Xianglin: Correct. 
It's all reclaimed irrigation land. 
Even Zero didn't know about the corruption and shoddy construction, the interior materials that would melt and give way beneath their feet. 
Xingke led away alone and then drew them back into the position he wanted. 
Lelouch: He anticipated my moves. 
He knew I challenge him directly then deploy my forces in this exact formation? 
Xingke: It is the very land of our nation that is giving us this victory. 
Zero, you've lost! 
Lelouch: Xingke! 
Tohdoh: This battle is far from over! 
Xingke: Tohdoh the Miracle Maker. 
Well done. 
But the enemy main forces stopped! 
All forces advance! 
Xianglin: Acknowledged. 
Xingke: We'll take care of their Knightmares later. 
Concentrate fire on the enemy ship's engine room. 
Their barrier shields won't hold out forever. 
Victory is at hand! 
Lelouch: I've never been outmaneuvered like this! 
What a disgrace! 
Diethard: Zero, I gave you my opinion. 
I told you to withdraw. 
Lelouch: Then do it. 
Protect engine room and pull back all forces. 
C.C: Even if we return to Hourai island...

Lelouch: I know. 
Ohgi, what about the other place? 
Ohgi: Right. 
We finished a preliminary recon and survey, but...

Lelouch: You've earned your victory, Xingke. 
I should have killed you first. 
You are as good tactician as I am and a strong warrior as Suzaku. 
One could say that heavens blessed you twice. 
Xianglin: Yes. 
But heavens didn't get him enough time to live. 
Xingke: I have to hold on just a little longer. 
Hinata: Bow-mounted hadron scatter cannon, set. 
Futaba: Gefjun control sync, locked in. 
Minase: Target lined up. 
Ready to fire. 
Lelouch: Right. 
Aim at both enemy fleets. 
Fire! 
Xingke: Impressive, Zero. 
So you still had a hand to play. 
Dragon Cavalry, spread out. 
They're targeting battle groups. 
Lelouch: Tohdoh, get the troops out of that trap and back on xxx. 
The Ikaruga will lead the enemy away. 
Meet up with us at rendezvous point four. 
Shirley: I can't find any news reports in the Chinese Federation. 
Hinata: Recovery of all remaining Knightmares is now confirmed. 
Rakshata: I see. 
We're going to be holding up in the Mausoleum of 88 Emperors? 
Diethard: The enemy will think twice about attacking us. 
The greatest emperors from Chinese history are buried here. 
C.C: And they can only approach us from straight on. 
Minami: That way we can fire the bow-mounted hadron cannon. 
Minase: Remember it's a single fire blast. 
Tamaki: Now we just wait for the Indian forces. 
Chiba: I doubt they're coming. 
Asahina: Besieged with no reinforcements. 
Hinata: In that case there could've still been room for negotiations. 
Minami: I never believe the High Eunuchs would take that option. 
High Eunuch: I thought we told you not to move. 
High Eunuch: Did you really think we forgive you after you plotted against us? 
Xianglin: This is not the time for revenge. 
Or perhaps you don't really care about rescuing the empress. 
High Eunuch: You become obsolete. 
High Eunuch: We have more powerful forces to serve us now. 
Ohgi: We've never anticipated the Knights of the Round getting into this fight. 
Xingke: You fools! 
Bringing the forces of a foreign empire into our territory? 
Aid from Britannia, from the Avalon? 
Don't the High Eunuchs know who they are dealing with? 
Who do they think conquered half of the E.U.? 
It's Schneizel, the second imperial prince. 
C.C: Well, it seems that the High Eunuchs are intent on wiping out Xingke along with us. 
Lelouch: Diethard, get our little trick ready. 
Diethard: What? 
You mean here? 
Lelouch: Everything is in place. 
And this will make a most excellent stage. 
I have to strive for victory. 
Even in this hopeless situation. 
Announcer: And we have a new report from the Chinese Federation. 
Taking advantage of an attempted coup Zero appeared and kidnapped the young Chinese empress. 
Lelouch: Oh, really? 
You're okay then, madam prez? 
Milly: I'm with Suzaku and the others. 
What's the news saying there? 
Lelouch: The TV and radio's just talking about Zero now. 
Rivalz: Oh thank god! 
Madam president is all right. 
Announcer: And so it seems that Zero, the empire's greatest enemy, is about to meet his end across the sea in the Chinese Federation. 
Student: Madam president, is she all right? 
Student: I don't get this Chinese Federation thing. 
Lelouch: She said that she's sorry but she can't buy us any souvenirs. 
Rivalz: She's joking about it? 
Shirley: Thank goodness. 
Lelouch: We should make an announcement so everyone knows she's okay. 
Shirley: Thank you, Lelou. 
Lelouch: You're welcome, Shirley. 
Rolo: Lelouch, got a minute? 
Student: Attention all students. 
This is an emergency update. 
We have confirmation that Milly, our student council president is all right! 
She's apparently escaped from the scene of the coup d'etat in the Chinese Federation under the protection of Knight of Seven, Sir Suzaku Kururugi. 
Rolo: Aren't you getting a little carried away with all this? 
Lelouch: Oh, does it seem that way to you? 
I'm very sorry, Rolo. 
Rolo: You're acting way too nice to everyone. 
Lelouch: But I'm supposed to keep his relationships harmonious. 
Those were Zero's exact orders. 
Rolo: Yes. 
And of course you're to follow his orders. 
But you're not to exceed your role as his stand-in. 
Remember he's very self observed. 
Lelouch: Yes, I see your point. 
Afterall, I'm a woman who serve both Lelouch and Zero. 
Villetta: Sayoko, Zero is in danger right now. 
Sayoko: He's in a stalemate with the Chinese Federation, right? 
Villetta: Yes, and prince Schneizel just joined the battle. 
Rolo: Britannian forces inside of China? 
Villetta: That's right. 
The Knights of the Round have entered the battle zone. 
Tamaki: Our reinforcements aren't coming... what a...! 
Ohgi: Calm down, Tamaki. 
We still have the Chinese empress as a captive. 
They can't just start shooting at us. 
Diethard: What is it? 
Lelouch: Full scale bombardment. 
Fubata: But that means...

Lelouch: Yes. 
The Chinese Federation intends to obliterate the Mausoleum of 88 Emperors and us along with it. 
As for the empress, they want her to die. 
Xingke: The High Eunuchs, they'd violate the sacred Mausoleum for their petty ambitions! 
All forces cease fire! 
Her Imperial Empress is inside! 
High Eunuch: You still don't understand, do you, Xingke? 
Generation upon generation of emperors are buried there. 
In short, it's a grave. 
High Eunuch: A good place to bury our current empress. 
High Eunuch: We've already arranged for a new empress to replace her. 
High Eunuch: A puppet bride would nicely match prince Odysseus on their wedding photo. 
Xingke: You dare to say this! 
Gino: You're the one? 
The guy who started the coup d'etat? 
Xingke: Stand aside Britannian, this concerns my country alone! 
Gino: My, those guys represent your country, internationally speaking. 
Besides, you captured the Guren, isn't that right? 
I happen to have a bit of unfinished business with that Knightmare and its pilot. 
Tohdoh: Remember our air power's limited. 
Live with honor and strike like a steel. 
Black Knights: Roger. 
C.C: I'll go out in the Akatsuki. 
Lelouch: C.C. In case we lose, have an escape route. 
C.C: If you come up with a smart trick I won't need one. 
Hinata: Second enemy air raids squadron coming in fast! 
Minase: We're not gonna hold out long against this. 
Tohdoh: Stand aside. 
I am Kyoshiro Tohdoh! 
Gino: What do you know? 
They actually brought in someone good aside from that Guren girl. 
Suzaku: Gino, leave them to me. 
Tohdoh: Suzaku! 
C.C: We really could go down this time. 
They've got the Lancelot and those next generation units. 
Hong Gu: The Mordred is here? 
They're all closing in on us. 
Anya: All rebel forces, annihilate them. 
Hong Gu: Split into three groups. 
Surround her and fire! 
Anya: Your shells, useless. 
Xingke: If I can get inside her shields...

Gino: Oh no, I'm leading the dance at this party. 
Xingke: What? 
Nina: A single shot from the Mordred's Stark Hadron cannon would demolish the Mausoleum, wouldn't it? 
Lloyd: Well, yes. 
If you just want to crush them. 
Kanon: And the moment we did that they'd say we killed their Empress. 
We have to let the High Eunuchs make that last mortal blow. 
High Eunuch: So you admit you're outmatched. 
Well we won't accept your surrender. 
It's too late now. 
Lelouch: You insist on fighting? 
Even though your own empress will die in the attack? 
High Eunuch: The empress is merely a system. 
High Eunuch: There are plenty of others to replace her. 
High Eunuch: So you can't use her as a bargaining chip. 
Lelouch: But you use her to gain noble titles in the Britannian court. 
High Eunuch: You have sharp ears, don't you? 
High Eunuch: A cheap price to pay for power. 
Lelouch: Cheap! 
A phony treaty that gives China's land to a foreign nation? 
High Eunuch: Land is nothing but dirt afterall. 
High Eunuch: Correct. 
We're Britannian noblemen now. 
That's what counts. 
Lelouch: And what about the common people you sworn to protect! 
High Eunuch: Zero, when you walk down the street, do you worry about stepping on the ants? 
High Eunuch: You throw away paper that clings to your bothom, don't you? 
It's the same thing. 
Lelouch: You sell out your country, abandon your empress, betray your own people, and all for what? 
High Eunuch: An idealist. 
I never thought you are so naive, Zero. 
High Eunuch: Indeed, masters and commoners will always breed. 
High Eunuch: Like insects. 
Futaba: Radiant shield generators 2 and 5 are offline! 
Ohgi: That leaves the deck exposed! 
Tianzi: Stop it! 
Kaguya: Your Majesty! 
Lelouch: Noblemen, you're bureaucrats, paper pushers who know nothing about noblesse oblige! 
Tianzi: Please stop it! 
You have to stop all this fighting! 
Black Knights: You can't go out there now! 
Kaguya: I have to. 
Out of my way, I have to go after the empress! 
Xingke: Your Majesty! 
What... my wing! 
Gino: You let yourself get distracted. 
Tianzi: This is wrong. 
All of it! 
All of it! 
High Eunuch: Do it now. 
Fire on the empress. 
Soldier: We hear and obey. 
Xingke: Hang on, Shen Fu. 
My life is yours. 
Take it if you must. 
But save the empress! 
Xingke: Run away, Your Majesty! 
Go now! 
Tianzi: Xingke! 
Xingke: You finally made it outside of the city. 
But you haven't seen any in the world yet. 
I will defend you here. 
Tianzi: But without you I still... Xingke, it has to be you and I together, it has to be! 
Xingke: Your words are wasted on me, Your Majesty. 
However...

High Eunuch: Intensify the attack. 
Don't stop until you crush the Shen Fu! 
Hong Gu: Scum! 
This can't end like this! 
Xingke: I can't save you afterall. 
I can't protect you. 
For six years, everything I've done has been to fulfill my promise to you. 
Someone do it. 
I don't care who! 
But please, someone save her! 
Lelouch: Very well. 
I understand. 
Wish is granted. 
High Eunuch: Ah, what is that Knightmare? 
High Eunuch: It's not only protecting the empress but Xingke as well? 
Lelouch: I ask this of the Chinese Federation and the Britannians. 
If you wanna keep fighting, are you prepared for the consequences? 
Suzaku: Zero? 
He's come to the front line himself? 
Xingke: Zero! 
Tianzi: But why would he...? 
High Eunuch: Why are you stopping? 
All units, wipe them out! 
Lelouch: So be it! 
I gave you your chance. 
Let no one forget that! 
Cecile: Lloyd, you know what that is? 
Lloyd: Yes, we may have lost this one. 
Nina: Using the Gawain's Druid System to generate that shield! 
I can't believe it! 
What kind of scientist worked it out? 
Rakshata: Knightmare frame Shinkiro. 
Its Absolute Defense Field is the strongest protective shield system in the world. 
Anya: This could be a problem. 
Gino: What are your orders, Prince Schneizel? 
If we fire the empress will...

Kanon: We could just hang back and wait them out. 
Schneizel: There's something strange about this. 
Why did Zero choose this time to show up in front. 
Lelouch: How pathetic, Xingke. 
You're betrayed by your own country men. 
And you couldn't even save one little girl. 
Do you get it now? 
You need me. 
I'm the only ally you can rely on. 
Xingke: I'll never be subordinate to you, Zero. 
Lelouch: Subordinate? 
No. 
You have the potential to lead your entire nation. 
They need deliverance. 
Your empress and all the helpless people of the Chinese Federation. 
They're crying out for it. 
Xingke: Do you think your Knightmare can turn the tide of this battle? 
Lelouch: Not at all. 
The tide of war is determined by strategy not tactics. 
Soldier: Emergency alert. 
Riot's broken out in Shanghai. 
High Eunuch: Street riots? 
High Eunuch: They are rioting? 
In Shanghai? 
Soldier: It's not just Shanghai. 
Shou Xian, Beijing, Burma, Jakarta, Islamabad and there're 14 other areas we're still confirming. 
People are rising up everywhere. 
Nina: Rebellions breaking out simultaneously? 
Cecile: Yes. 
They're broadcasting the communication between Zero and High Eunuchs. 
Kanon: Communication? 
So they were conspiring without informing us. 
Schneizel: Can you run it? 
Cecile: Yes. 
High Eunuch: The empress is merely a system. 
High Eunuch: There are plenty of others to replace her. 
Lelouch: And what about the common people you sworn to protect! 
High Eunuch: Zero, when you walk down street, do you worry about stepping on the ants? 
High Eunuch: Indeed, masters and commoners will always breed. 
High Eunuch: Like insects. 
Lelouch: Thanks to the empress, the High Eunuchs are now firmly cast as the villains. 
Xingke: You mean, you planned on their betrayal? 
Kanon: He couldn't have caused this. 
It's happening too fast. 
Schneizel: Unless he made use of someone else's plan already in place. 
Lelouch: Correct. 
I've stolen other strategy of yours as well. 
We start a coup and the people rise up. 
Tohdoh: In other words, we're not trapped here without reinforcements! 
Diethard: We do have reinforcements. 
The starving masses of this land are the backup we needed! 
Chiba: Then we could take offensive and strike! 
Anya: The Black Knight are to be annihilated. 
C.C: She's just as tough as I expected. 
No! 
Anya: What is this? 
C.C: So that's what you did. 
Chiba: What's that? 
Asahina: Now's our chance! 
Suzaku: Anya, no! 
Gino: This is the Tristan. 
I'm moving in to cover the Mordred. 
Tamaki: Push them back now! 
Soldier: Fools! 
Deploying their ground forces at this point in the battle. 
Soldier: If we bomb them from the air, we'll destroy them. 
Schneizel: No. 
We're withdrawing. 
Nations aren't dirt and they're not systems. 
They're people. 
The High Eunuchs have lost the people's support. 
They're no longer qualified to join us as representatives of the Chinese Federation. 
Suzaku: Yes, Your Highness. 
Futaba: The Avalon and the Knights of the Round are withdrawing. 
Lelouch: Yes, I thought that's what you do, brother. 
However...

Schneizel: What do you think the emperor would've done, Canon? 
Forget it. 
I was just musing a bit. 
Xingke: So Prince Schneizel has abandoned you. 
So much for your titles. 
High Eunuch: Don't hurt us. 
We'll give up our power, whatever you want...

Xingke: Still worried about your own skin? 
Lelouch: Where is Kallen Kouzuki? 
Xingke: That's the Guren's pilot. 
Xianglin: She was classified as POW and transferred out. 
Lelouch: What? 
Xianglin: The High Eunuchs handed her over as a favor to the Knight of Seven. 
Lelouch: To Suzaku? 
So you're trying to take everything away from me. 
Even Kallen. 
But that's not going to happen. 
I promised that I come for her and I will. 
Nothing will stop me, not even you! 
Bartley: Where is this place? 
I thought we were going to meet in the Britannian homeland. 
And besides, this is my direct order of the emperor. 
V.V. : Yes as requested. 
In your attempt to recreate C.C. 's power you enhanced Lord Jeremiah. 
Enlightened of your efforts I felt we should call you in. 
Jeremiah: You see, I need some fine adjustments. 
You're really the only logical choice for this. 
And in any case you should be pleased that it's great honor for you. 
Xingke: Is this all right for you? 
Tianzi: Well, I was finally able to leave the Forbidden City. 
And now... 
I mean... this doesn't mean it's... beyond... it's just...

Xingke: I shall protect you in the future as well. 
Until the very end of time. 
Tianzi: It's so strange. 
It's so happy... it's so happy and yet...

Diethard: Zero, we need to let the world know that the empress's betrothal to the Britannian prince is off. 
Lelouch: That's true. 
Diethard: And the best way to do that is to have her marry someone from our side, a member of Japanese family would be perfect. 
Lelouch: That's tastelessly obvious but smart move all the same. 
We can have her marry Tohdoh, even Tamaki would do. 
Diethard: If you'd like I can draw up a list of suitable candidates. 
Kaguya: But you mustn't! 
Diethard: Lady Kaguya, this is a political maneuver, it isn't personal. 
Kaguya: You're wrong, it is personal! 
It's a simple question of love! 
C.C: She has a point. 
Diethard: We're at war. 
Lives are its stake. 
Chiba: Hey, you're pushin' it, buddy. 
Diethard: Buddy? 
I am a staff officer! 
Zero, what's your decision? 
Kaguya: You understand, Master Zero, don't you? 
Lelouch: Well...

Tamaki: Zero, listen about yesterday... hmm? 
Are you guys still in conference? 
Lelouch: No, let's go. 
Diethard: Zero, this is vital! 
Lelouch: Tamaki's issue is also vital. 
I never thought C.C. would object to this. 
I could easily use may Geass to make Xingke and others go along with this. 
So what's the problem...? 
Tamaki: Of course I'm worried about Kallen, too, you know. 
But I still need to deal with my current position here. 
If the Black Knights don't pull together we got problems, right? 
But if things stay like this I won't get any respect from the new guys. 
Lelouch: Tamaki. 
Tamaki: You get the picture 'cause you are like my best buddies, aren't you? 
Shirley: Ah, Lelou, do you have a minute? 
Lelouch: Yeah, sure. 
What's up? 
Shirley: Well, it's about the prez's graduation event. 
Remember? 
If we talk about it in class, Rivalz will blab to her. 
Lelouch: Maybe it's better just to let her decide for herself what's she wants to do. 
Shirley: I guess...

Lelouch: Ah, Shirley, can I ask you something? 
Tamaki: Damn it! 
Every time we try to talk to this guy, he disappears! 
Lelouch: The thing is, there's this couple that just has to split up but I can't convince anyone else. 
Shirley: Do they wanna split up? 
Lelouch: No, it's a political issue... 
I mean family politics, you know, their parents and all...

Shirley: Then don't! 
Lelouch: Don't what? 
Shirley: Don't break them up! 
Love is power! 
When you love someone that has incredible power. 
You think about him all day long. 
You write poetry that rhymes, their mufflers, you feel you can fly head down toe in the beginning! 
And I've always spent like... that is... what about you, Lelou. 
Haven't you ever thought that way for someone important to you? 
Lelouch: She's right! 
I have. 
I was trying to recreate the whole world for Nunnally's sake. 
Passion has the power to change the whole entire world! 
That's the truth, isn't it, Shirley? 
Thanks, Shirley. 
I'm really grad I talked to you. 
Shirley: Really? 
'cause passions very... awwww, you've never changed! 
Why do I waste my time! 
Lelouch: Your Majesty, your future belongs to you. 
You decide your own fate. 
Xingke: Zero...

Kaguya: Oh, I knew you'd understand! 
Diethard: But we need to establish a position of power. 
Lelouch: The human heart is a source of all our power. 
That's why the people rose up against the High Eunuchs and the Black Knight fight like Titans. 
We fight with the power of our hearts. 
Ohgi: Yeah, yes, you got that right. 
Diethard: Power of the heart, is that it? 
Xingke: Zero, I'm starting to see what kind of man it is behind that mask. 
Lelouch: The path ahead of us is arduous. 
Xingke: That's precisely why tomorrow belongs to us alone. 
Shirley: Lelou has really been acting strange lately. 
One minute he's as usual self, the next he's weirdly nice. 
Like a completely different per... Lelou? 
Lelouch: Hi, you need something? 
Shirley: I told you early where I was going to bring back this gardening books. 
Lelouch: Ah, of course, that's right. 
This isn't good. 
If she sees the panel before it closes, she'll know about the underground control center. 
Shirley: What's a... are you hiding something there? 
Sayoko: I can't let her see it. 
I've got to stop her! 
Shirley...

Shirley: Lelou...

Lelouch: We will find Kallen but I need to return to Area 11 first. 
C.C: And the Chinese Federation? 
Lelouch: There're still some opposing fractions there. 
But they'll be no match for Xingke and Tohdoh now that the people are on our side. 
Besides you wanna see it, too. 
The power of the human heart. 
C.C: The little devil grows up, huh? 
Lelouch: And you're still a witch. 
And in any case, this gets us back on track so we can hit them at the deepest level. 
C.C: Their religious order? 
Lelouch: Hmm, the ones that are trying to create warriors with the Geass power. 
If we can control the order then I can surpass the emperor in terms of Geass. 
C.C: However the very existence of the order has been concealed from the human world. 
They change locations when a new leader is named so it's almost impossible to track them. 
Lelouch: But you are certain they're based in the Chinese Federation right now. 
Somewhere within reach? 
C.C: Yes, according to V.V. the one who replaced me as their leader. 
But this is a vast country. 
Even that guy Rolo doesn't know where their base is, right? 
So how are you going to find it? 
Lelouch: That's why I took over the Chinese Federation. 
The flow of goods, power supplies, communications... the order must leave traces of its existence. 
C.C: You're using the power of the whole nation to find them? 
Lelouch: As you said it's a vast country. 
You're to remain here, C.C. If you find any clues on the order, contact me. 
C.C: Yes, I understand. 
Lelouch: This place, are you sure it's safe? 
Rolo: It's an O.S.I. 
facility. 
Just consider that it may as well belong to you and I. 
Welcome home! 
Brother! 
Lelouch: It's good to see you, Rolo. 
Sayoko, did anything change while I was away on this mission? 
Sayoko: Nothing of immediate concern. 
I noted all the detail in the designated file. 
Rolo: So you'll be staying here for quite while now. 
Isn't that right, Lelouch? 
Lelouch: Yes, I have to develop some effective counter measures for the Knights of the Round. 
The Lancelot's bad enough. 
And we certainly don't need the Tristan and the Mordred getting in our way again. 
Rolo: It would be a pleasure to back you up in my Vincent. 
Lelouch: I told you not to behave like that. 
Shirley, are you okay? 
Shirley: Look, Lelou, about what happened with us yesterday...

Lelouch: Yesterday? 
Anya: Morning Lelouch Lamperouge. 
Rolo: It's Anya, the Knight of Six! 
Gino: Hey, we've been waiting for you. 
You're the vice president, right? 
This is an honor. 
Rivalz: Don't be so formal. 
Gino: Oh, right. 
Anyway, we've both just enrolled here in Ashford. 
And... while we are here we insist that our social status be ignored. 
Milly: They said they wanted the experience of being ordinary student. 
Rivalz: So I'm teaching them how to talk normal. 
Gino: I am really looking forward to this, old man. 
Lelouch: Right...
  
Lelouch: The Knights of the Round have become members of the student council. 
And while I still haven't cleared that problem... What? 
What were you saying? 
That... Shirley and I were...

Sayoko: Yes. 
It's true. 
Shirley and you were kissing. 
Um, I wasn't wrong in doing that, was I? 
I was afraid she might discover this control room. 
So I thought that's what I should do in your character. 
Lelouch: Bad call. 
You were mistaken there. 
Rolo: Sayoko, I've told you already. 
You are acting too nice as a stand-in. 
Lelouch: No, hold on. 
Beside from that she did good job. 
Rolo: Lelouch, I know Sayoko used be in your service but...

Sayoko: Actually, to be precise, I was working for the Ashford family. 
Rolo: I know that. 
You were in charge of caring for Nunnally, right? 
Villetta: I guess the problems with the Knights of the Round will have to wait. 
Sayoko: Master Lelouch, I have your schedule for tomorrow. 
Lelouch: Tomorrow? 
Rolo: Sayoko made promises to other people without considering all the consequences. 
Sayoko: I was instructed to maintain his interpersonal relationships. 
Lelouch: It can't be helped. 
Rolo: Quite careless for a female ninja. 
Sayoko: I am a secret service agent. 
A 37th master of the Shinozaki school...

Lelouch: Sayoko! 
What's with this schedule? 
Sayoko: Allowing for three hours of sleep, you have date scheduled with 108 girls. 
14 of them are waiting for cancellations. 
And they've been on the wait list for six months. 
Shirley: Lelou just did it so suddenly. 
I wonder if I can say we're going steady. 
But I wasn't able to talk to him today. 
Prez, can I have a minute with you when we get back to our rooms? 
There's something I really like to talk to you about. 
Prez? 
Milly: Huh? 
Oh, sorry, Shirley, I didn't hear you. 
Shirley: No, it's okay. 
I just...

Student: I've got a date with Lelouch tomorrow. 
Shirley: Huh? 
Student: Oh, I had Giselle in class B said she go to the art gallery with him. 
Student: Yeah, He's taking me out too to a movie! 
Student: Me, too! 
Me, too! 
Me, too! 
Shirley: Lelou...! 
Sayoko: And that confirms your schedule for today. 
Since you have no classes pending I was able to fill all 24 hours. 
At 0800 you'll enjoy a homemade box lunch. 
At 0900 you'll visit the art gallery. 
At 1030 shopping. 
At 12 noon, you trip to the aquarium, and from there travel aboard the Shinkiro. 
Please go underwater until you're 400 kilometers from shore. 
You'll change clothes inside the cockpit and proceed to the Chinese Federation where you conclude trade treaty in Shanghai at 1500 hours. 
You are allotted 47 minutes to complete your business there. 
Then you'll return here to see a late movie at 2100 hours. 
At 24:02 you'll meet your next date for live show. 
And then...

Shirley: He's late! 
Lelouch: Sorry, Shirley. 
I promise I'll make time later to explain all this to you. 
Anya: You can start by explaining it to me. 
Lelouch: Lady Anya. 
Anya: There's something I want to ask. 
Lelouch: Don't tell me I have a date with the Knight of the Round. 
Anya: Same Lelouch? 
Lelouch: That's a picture of me when I was still a prince back in the homeland. 
Of course, not. 
Remarkable rightness. 
But you know, I'm only a commoner...

Gino: Lelouch, old man! 
Lelouch: What? 
Gino: May I please go to your chess games with you? 
Only the underground ones where you bet. 
Rivalz: When I told him how you gambled on your games he begged me to take him along. 
Lelouch: Rivalz, I swear you're... Oh brother. 
They never quit, just give me a break already! 
Student: He's running away! 
Lelouch: Don't go ruining my reputation. 
I've got tickets for the late show in my room...

Rolo: Darn it, Sayoko. 
Lelouch is too frail for such a heavy schedule. 
And what's up with all these women. 
It's sort of like a medal prize. 
Lelouch: Who did that? 
I said I wasn't running away. 
Shirley...

Shirley: So what lucky girl do you have date with this time? 
You not only gamble but you run around with other girls, too? 
Ah, you pathetic! 
Lelouch: Wait a minute. 
It's just... 
I forgot. 
Here. 
This is for not explaining to you about it. 
Shirley: Oh it's an apology? 
What? 
You think you can fix what you did by giving me some silly thing? 
Lelouch: You've got it all wrong. 
I just wanted to apologize. 
Shirley: An apology? 
Lelouch: This is not good. 
I'm clearly doing something wrong and I don't know how to make it right. 
Damn it! 
If only C.C. was here to help me! 
Milly: Attention everyone! 
I have decided on my graduation event! 
And I'm going to christen it Cupid Day! 
Gino: That's well. 
But isn't it a bit early for graduation? 
Milly: Well not for me. 
I'm repeating my senior year. 
I can graduate as soon as I earn enough course credit. 
Gino: Oh, so that's how the education system works here. 
Rivalz: Prez, are you really planning to graduate soon? 
Why not wait and do it with the rest of us. 
Gino: Milly, my dear. 
Rivalz: Madam president! 
Gino: This Cupid Day of yours. 
What exactly is...? 
Milly: You wanna know? 
On the appointed day, I'll have every student in this school wearing one of these hats. 
The boys will get this color. 
Then if you steal the hat of your target, put it on. 
Anya: And then what? 
Milly: By order of the student council president, me, those two will be proclaimed boyfriend and girlfriend! 
Odysseus: Hmm, it's a bit rush isn't it? 
Declaring war on the Chinese Federation. 
Schneizel: Hmm, is that what His Majesty said? 
Bismarck: Yes, he told us to take all of it. 
Carline: I agree! 
I say take out the Chinese Federation'd be good. 
Guinevere: Those savages humiliated Odysseus. 
We can never forgive them for that. 
Odysseus: Guinevere, I have no grudge for the incident that occurred with the empress. 
The war with the EU is ongoing. 
And area Eleven is on the path to peace. 
So I prefer settle this...

Carline: Oh as if we care about what Nunnally does there. 
Odysseus: Carine, Nunnally is around your age. 
You should make an attempt to be friends with her. 
Guinevere: This would be an easy matter to solve if Cornelia were present. 
Bismarck, have you heard anything? 
Bismarck: I haven't. 
But she apparently hasn't contacted Lord Guilford, either. 
Guinevere: Then who will lead our troops? 
Schneizel: We can station two divisions along the Mongolian border. 
Odysseus: Are you offering to take command, Prince Schneizel? 
Schneizel: Battle is unnecessary. 
The Chinese Federation has fallen apart. 
We can gain half the territory by rattling sabers and through the negotiations. 
Will that play, Kt. 
emperor? 
Charles: Hmm, is that what Schneizel said? 
Bismarck: Yes, Your Majesty. 
Do you approve? 
Charles: You, the Knight of One, the mightiest knight of the empire, ask me that? 
Bismarck: Your Majesty, war is merely one method of diplomacy. 
However it is far away the least efficient of them. 
Charles: Perhaps you're right. 
War has historically been an action favored by idiots. 
Cornelia: I finally grabbed it. 
The tail of Geass... And now I drag it from the shadows. 
I'll wipe away the stain from Euphie's name at last! 
Guilford: Princess, where are you now? 
Gino: C'mon, Suzaku. 
It's Milly's graduation event! 
Suzaku: It's like I said before. 
I really wanna go. 
But unlike you and Anya, I'm an aide to the viceroy. 
So I just can't. 
Meetings come first. 
Gino: Geez, you really need to loosen up, my friend. 
Lloyd: Say hi to my fiancee for me, will you? 
Gino: What? 
You're serious about that? 
Guilford: You should probably give her a call after we're done here. 
Now has a funny habit of not waiting around forever. 
Suzaku: Wow. 
What a surprise! 
I never thought I'd hear you say something like that, Guilford. 
Guilford: Your lank may have changed. 
But you did start out as Princess Euphemia's knight. 
As the knight of Princess Cornelia, I'd like you to see me as a source of advice that you'll ask for when needed. 
Lloyd: Well, that's mature of you. 
Anyway can we get to the main question at hand now? 
It's about the Guren which I've taken into my care. 
Kallen: Took you long enough. 
So am I here for torture? 
Maybe execution? 
Do what you want with me. 
Nunnally: I'll do nothing like that to you. 
It's been such a long time. 
Hello, Kallen. 
Lelouch: At this rate it'll be impossible for me to smash the world and create a new one. 
It's Cupid Day. 
I'm going to end my relationship with all the girls at today's event. 
Rolo: That'll leave you free and in the clear. 
Lelouch: Fortunately we were able to get the teachers to participate in this, too. 
Villetta, you're going to steal my hat from me. 
Villetta: But won't I just invite weird misunderstandings? 
I think Sayoko needs to take responsibility here...

Sayoko: Sorry but I can't help. 
I have to play stand-in during the event for Master Lelouch. 
Rolo: And we've got to make sure that some strange girl doesn't get it. 
Villetta: Have Shirley grab the hat. 
Rolo: Yes, that's definitely an option to consider. 
Villetta: That girl is completely head over heels for you. 
She did shoot me in order to protect you after all. 
Lelouch: That's why I don't want her mixed up in this any further. 
Milly: Yes, that's right, Suzaku. 
The roof top garden's finally finished. 
Suppose I can't keep avoiding the real world forever. 
Suzaku: I'm sorry. 
I really hate missing your graduation event. 
Milly: I understand. 
You have important work to do, right? 
Suzaku: Umm, yeah. 
Milly: Then my final act for you is to cast my special magic spell. 
Relax! 
You need to unwind from time to time. 
Suzaku: Thanks a lot, prez. 
I appreciate it. 
Milly: See ya! 
Now let's get this show on the road! 
Attention everyone. 
This is Milly Ashford speaking for the last time as student council president. 
My graduation event, Cupid Day, is about to begin. 
Oh, and before you start make sure you are at least two meters away from your target. 
Shirley: Lelou, I don't care how hopeless you are. 
No, since you are utterly hopeless it's up to me to salvage you. 
Rivalz: Prez, you don't really wanna be engaged, do you? 
Deep down you want me to steal you away, right? 
Milly: You should all be familiar with the rules. 
If you capture your target's hat put it on. 
Then you have to be boyfriend and girlfriend. 
I won't question how you obtain that. 
You are allowed to use teams or tools as well. 
Now before we begin I'll just say one thing. 
Any club that brings me the hat of Lelouch Lamperouge in class 3-D gets their budget increase ten fold! 
Lelouch: What? 
Shirley: Lelou's hat? 
Rivalz: Prez, why? 
Lelouch: This is all horrible dream. 
Milly: All right. 
Let's do it! 
Shirley: Lelou, wait...

Rolo: Stopping this many people at once is incredibly hard work. 
Oops, sorry about that. 
Now, move. 
Student: He's mine! 
Shirley: He...vanished. 
Where'd he go? 
Lelouch: I'm sorry about this. 
Rolo: Forget it. 
We're good. 
Bartley: Hold on. 
Should the theory be accurate then we're the worst criminals in all of history. 
Researcher: Let's get out of here. 
We're through fine-tuning Jeremiah. 
Bartley: We'll be abandoning our nation! 
Cornelia: Freeze! 
My dear Bartley...

Bartley: That voice... Princess Cornelia? 
Cornelia: Why are you here, Bartley? 
Bartley: Thank heaven. 
You've come. 
Please save us! 
We were ordered to be here... by the emperor! 
Cornelia: My father? 
Bartley: The world is racing down the path toward destruction. 
Gino: Follow me, ladies! 
Student: Lord Gino! 
Lelouch: I see. 
It appears that Gino did come to this school just to play around. 
Anya seems suspicious about my true identity but not enough to prove troublesome. 
The matter of Knights of the Round has been cleared. 
Now I have only to switch places with Sayoko and have her play along with the prez...

Miya: I did it! 
Now I get to be Lelouch's girlfriend! 
Lelouch: Of course. 
Miya, right? 
Miya: What's up, honeybunch? 
Lelouch: Would you mind very much giving me that hat back? 
Miya: Okay. 
Lelouch: So where should we switch? 
Lelouch: Here will do. 
Lelouch: Very well then. 
Miya: Now I'm more confused that usual. 
What am I doing here? 
Milly: Huh? 
Lelouch is gone? 
Student: Yeah, according to the gardening club. 
Student: Rugby team here. 
Lelouch has been spotted at point KT-01. 
Milly: Yes! 
Alert all Ashford academy club members. 
Surround Lelouch between the boy's dorms and the central courtyard! 
Student: Sir! 
Yes sir! 
Student: Rugby team's getting that budget bonus now! 
Milly: GO! 
Lelouch: Fare thee well! 
Lelouch: Huh? 
Sayoko, what would you have me say? 
I'll come off as being kind of mental. 
Lelouch: Sorry, it was involuntary. 
Lelouch: Just be careful. 
And don't go to the rear gate. 
Villetta is standing by there. 
Lelouch: Understood. 
Milly: Lelouch is more physical than normal. 
Sayoko: I would like to let you catch me, miss Milly, but at the moment...

Milly: Archery and equestrian clubs, from the side of the hall you can surround him! 
Lelouch: Go on around the school buildings to gym #2. 
The science club will probably be positioned dead ahead. 
Student: Fire! 
Student: No way! 
Student: Lelouch can't do stuff like that! 
Rolo: If this keeps up, he won't need my help afterall. 
Lelouch: Sayoko's overdoing it but that's how she operates. 
There's no point ordering her to stop. 
Oh well, she can take my place in phys ed from here on. 
Student: Glamour squad, move in! 
Student: After all, Lelouch is one [ predictable? ] 
male. 
Student: Yeah, we'll get him off guard. 
Lelouch: Using your bodies against me is useless! 
Student: Oh, I'm sort of shocked. 
Student: Where is Lelouch? 
Student: Where'd he go? 
Student: Nobody has caught him, you know? 
Milly: Attention all students! 
If vice-president Lelouch is spotted commence simultaneous attack! 
Shirley: Oh boy. 
President is full-scale play mode. 
Still, what's going on? 
I thought Lelou was completely hopeless but now [ find him as a super athlete? ] 
. 
Student: Hey look! 
It's Shirley! 
Student: We have to catch Lelouch. 
Rivalz: Prez, if Lelouch is who you want then I, Rivalz Cardemonde, will give what you want, my best friend in the world. 
Wow, that can't be for real! 
Anya: It is. 
Suzaku: The Mordred's just been launched? 
Soldier: The Black Knights then? 
Soldier: Emergency dispatch from the government bureau. 
DEFCON 2! 
DEFCON 2! 
A riot has erupted in the school district. 
Soldier: Knightpolice SWAT unit, prepare to move out! 
Lelouch: I should have guessed that Anya doesn't possess a grain of common sense either. 
Take the operation into final phase. 
Sayoko, to the library. 
Anya: Oh, there. 
Shirley: Hmm, this is the spot where Lelou was acting strange. 
I wonder...

Sayoko: Shirley, why now of all times? 
Anya: Heat sources, two places. 
But which one is Lelouch? 
Lelouch: Watch out! 
Anya: Twin Lelouches? 
Villetta: Knight of Six, my lady. 
This is an operations area of the O.S.I. 
Please withdraw your Knighmare at once. 
Anya: This is wrong? 
Villetta: Yes, very wrong. 
Anya: Wrong. 
Shirley: Say, Lelou? 
Why did you kiss me before? 
Lelouch: Well, um, because... 
I like you. 
Shirley: That's a lie. 
I know you aren't serious. 
Lelouch: Wrong! 
I mean, I just... a good question. 
Shirley: So you wanna do more than just kiss? 
It's okay. 
Even if you are not serious. 
Lelouch: You shouldn't speak that way. 
Shirley: Welcome back Lelou. 
You haven't been yourself lately, you know? 
It's okay. 
I forgive you. 
In return, close your eyes for me. 
Hurry up. 
Lelouch: Okay. 
Shirley: You thought I was gonna give you a smooch. 
Lelouch: Well, you know, I thought there was a possibility...

Shirley: Oh, you dirty boy. 
Lelouch: No, it's just...

Shirley: Even so, I wanna try make you fall in love with me for real, someday. 
I told you. 
I said love is power. 
Gino: I can see you guys still have a lot to learn around here, don't you? 
This is a school for commoners. 
Things like this take place all the time. 
Student: Look at that. 
Student: How disappointing. 
But I'm not surprised. 
Milly: I guess that's the end of game. 
Sayoko: But it might have meant a little more this time around. 
Milly: Huh? 
Yeah, maybe it did. 
A bit. 
Guilford: What in the world was all that uproar about? 
Suzaku: Sorry, sir. 
It looks like it was the president's graduation event. 
Villetta: It's unusual to say the least that he would change plans like that. 
Anya: Changed plans? 
Villetta: Ah, I meant she. 
Shirley's plan apparently worked out quite well. 
Milly: Lelouch, looks like you finally understand. 
Shirley: You mean you did this for us? 
Milly: 'cause you two really wear out my patients. 
Don't ever hesitate or student's day are coming to an end. 
Rivalz: Prez, are you really graduating? 
Shirley: Hey, prez! 
Milly: What is it? 
Shirley: Thank you for everything you've done here at school. 
Student: The last three years were so much fun! 
Student: You are the best president ever! 
Student: Thank you. 
Suzaku: Madam president. 
Congratulations on graduating from Ashford. 
Milly: And with that this girl is no longer avoiding the real world! 
Milly: Hello everyone, how are you? 
My name is Milly Ashford. 
Beginning today, I'll be your go to girl for weather information here on the weather corner. 
Rivalz: From student council president to a weather reporter. 
Rolo: How's she qualified? 
Lelouch: I heard she chose a talent agency while still in school. 
Anya: She's from nobility. 
Rivalz: She said she never likes doing anything half way, so...

Rolo: Then why did she call off her engagement? 
Rolo: Did she have to? 
Gino: Lloyd must be in a state of shock. 
Lloyd: Just what I'd expect for my former fiancee. 
Suzaku: Lloyd doesn't seem upset about it. 
Soldier: It's all bravado. 
Soldier: Now all the man never wanted to get married in the first place. 
Milly: You see, Nina? 
I'm trying to face who I really am. 
Shirley: Yeah, I saw her on TV. 
Typical prez, huh? 
So what do you think we ought to do with the roof top garden? 
Right. 
Well then, I'll bring back some herb seedlings from the store. 
Would you talk to the gardening club, Lelou? 
Okay, see you later. 
V.V. : This is the eighth area, correct? 
Jeremiah: Yes. 
But the people who are affected by the Geass power have been deployed as secret police, haven't they? 
V.V. : We don't know so we're cleaning up the situation. 
You've been given a Geass canceler, which can destroy all types of Geass power. 
Therefore...

Jeremiah: Yes, I understand. 
We don't know who's under the influence of the Geass. 
However once I've done with the Ashford academy I'll take care of all business with Lelouch. 
Shirley: I'm remembering now. 
I remember Zero. 
The one who killed my father, is Lelouch. 
Student: So tell us how are things with you and Lelouch? 
Shirley: Huh? 
Student: You two are the official school couple now, aren't you? 
Student: Have you kissed yet? 
Shirley: Um, that was just for the event. 
We're not going around. 
Villetta: Don't be embarrassed. 
It's no secret you've always had big crush on Lelouch. 
Shirley: Oh, not you too, coach Villetta. 
Villetta: But you love him, don't you. 
Enough to shoot me. 
Shirley: Huh? 
Villetta: It's been very difficult, you know. 
Having to come here and spend each day cheerfully smiling at a young woman who shot me. 
My true feelings have to be hidden behind the mask of a teacher. 
Shirley Fenette... How dare you! 
How dare you shoot me! 
Shirley: Lelou! 
That's right. 
While Lelouch was Zero, he killed my father. 
Lelouch: So, the Jianmen path has fallen? 
We've also taken over the air force facility in Macau. 
We should send Asahina and Hong Gu to defend Chennai. 
And why don't we assign Minase and Sugiyama to take charge of municipal affairs there. 
Rolo: Well, looks like things are going smoothly. 
Lelouch: Our so-called foes are just local military factions that won't join us. 
But they deploy forces without talking to each other. 
Rolo: Not to mention that you've already got ahold of the empress. 
The one leader who could unify all those factions. 
Lelouch: Exactly. 
Rolo: You're off? 
Lelouch: I'm going to Ikebukuro. 
But I'll help you with the rest of your homework when I return. 
Rolo: I'll catch you later then. 
Shirley: Lelou was Zero. 
And coach Villetta was a soldier. 
And Kallen was one of the Black Knights. 
Then what about Nina? 
And the prez? 
And Rivalz? 
Is our school the weirdest place on earth? 
Why is Nunnally now the viceroy? 
What are the lies and what is the truth? 
Announcement: Attention. 
The local express is running ten minutes behind schedule and will be arriving at platform three. 
Those passengers who do not wish to wait...

Lelouch: Very well. 
For the first stage this would be fine. 
Station Staff: All right, then we'll continue with the same procedure. 
Suzaku: Shirley! 
Wait. 
It's just me. 
So what's wrong? 
Why would want me to come here? 
Lelouch: Shirley! 
Shirley: Lelouch? 
Villetta: Where's Lelouch? 
On a date? 
Rolo: At the moment he's out testing the G cars. 
Villetta: How convenient. 
Rolo, why have you turned your back on your country? 
Unlike me, you were dispatched here by the Order, so why would you...

Rolo: Just why are you asking me that? 
What's between my brother and me is... 
Soldier: B7 to control. 
Suspicious male sighted near the chapel. 
B5 and B9 have moved in to apprehend him. 
Jeremiah: Look what happens simply by asking where Lelouch was. 
Villetta: Lord Jeremiah! 
But how...? 
Soldier: Target is moving toward the clubhouse. 
B2 and B8 have been eliminated as well. 
Rolo: Sound a school wide alarm! 
Gets students out of vicinity of the target. 
Announcement: Attention all students and personnel. 
This is an emergency announcement. 
Do not come near the clubhouse area. 
A suspicious person has been sighted there. 
I repeat...

Jeremiah: Out of my way. 
I have no desire to kill a woman if I don't need to. 
Sayoko: We at least share that. 
I, too, would like to avoid any unnecessary killing. 
Jeremiah: Oh? 
Sayoko: En garde! 
Cyborg? 
Jeremiah: And I have Zero to thank. 
Bartley: They say they're going to kill God. 
Cornelia: God? 
Bartley: I thought they were speaking metaphorically. 
But now, at the very least these people believe what they're saying. 
Cornelia: Ridiculous. 
To believe in God. 
There's no such being. 
V.V. : That's right. 
No winged goddesses, long bearded old men in white gowns in kingdoms in the clouds. 
No. 
Not that sort of God...

Bartley: Princess Cornelia! 
Cornelia: Who knows what type of Geass he controls. 
You mustn't never let your guard down even for a child. 
V.V. : Yes, that's correct. 
Cornelia, you do live up to your reputation, don't you. 
As your uncle, I'm very proud of you. 
Cornelia: My what? 
V.V. : We made a solemn vow. 
If there was ever a god that made men fight each other we kill him and his divine rule. 
Sayoko: Even if you are a cyborg your exposed human parts made you vulnerable! 
Jeremiah: You have good aim! 
Sayoko: I'll stop you for Master Lelouch's sake! 
Jeremiah: Your skill in martial arts is impressive. 
But it won't impede Jeremiah Gottwald. 
Rolo: Sayoko! 
Jeremiah: Damn it. 
Rolo: Steal time! 
Okay. 
Now get him while I hold him still. 
Go on! 
Sayoko: With great pleasure. 
Rolo: But that's not possible. 
My Geass, it should stop time with absolutely anyone. 
Jeremiah: Rolo Lamperouge. 
Just as I thought. 
You've been fooled. 
Rolo: But how could you break my Geass? 
Jeremiah: How? 
Because I was chosen. 
That's how. 
Picked by the Order to be an assassin. 
Rolo: Then you've come to kill Lelouch, is that it? 
Villetta: Lord Jeremiah! 
Jeremiah: Villetta? 
You mean Lelouch has snared you, too? 
Villetta: Lelouch is at Ikebukuro station right now. 
Lord Jeremiah, I'm begging you. 
Whatever you do please let me go. 
Jeremiah: All right, then. 
Shirley: What do I do? 
I called Suzaku out here. 
But what should I say to him? 
Especially with Lelou here. 
Lelouch: Shirley, what kind of game are you playing? 
Or was it Suzaku who called her out here? 
Suzaku: Rivalz told me that Lelouch has been here in Japan the entire time. 
Intelligence from the O.S.I. 
backs that up also. 
But... why don't I believe it? 
Rolo: Villetta, what are you doing? 
Are you betraying Lelouch or... are you...? 
Villetta: We should contact Lelouch right away. 
I will stay here and protect the place. 
The rest of you go on to Ikebukuro. 
If Lelouch is ready for him we may be able to pin Jeremiah from two sides. 
Shirley: I have [] to tell Suzaku. 
He needs to know that Lelouch is Zero [and he ] killed my father. 
Lelouch: This is the boundary line right here. 
Suzaku: The demarcation between the settlement and ghettos. 
We have to erase it. 
Shirley: Hold it. 
What if these two are accomplices? 
To turn Area 11 back into Japan? 
That's it! 
They've been friends since way back! 
Lelouch: What's the matter. 
Something wrong? 
Shirley: No! 
Lelouch: Shirley! 
Shirley: Stay away from me! 
Lelouch: Shirley! 
Shirley: You're both liars! 
You two are nothing but apparent fakes! 
I won't...

Shirley: No! 
Let me go! 
Let me go! 
Lelouch: Stop it! 
I can't lose you! 
I don't wanna lose you or anyone else in my life. 
Not one more person. 
Please. 
Shirley. 
Suzaku! 
Shirley: Hey, you've done this once before, haven't you? 
You know that time back at school when you tried to catch Arthur? 
Suzaku: Yeah, you're right. 
Lelouch: I guess you're right, Shirley. 
We have done this before. 
Shirley: And Suzaku was always the one who pulls you back up. 
Suzaku: If Lelouch's been the one on top both of us would've fallen. 
Lelouch: You exercise nut. 
If you're gonna brag, you should've saved us before we fell. 
Suzaku: That's ridiculous. 
Why am I laughing? 
After what Lelouch did to Euphie. 
Shirley: I'm wrong. 
He is acting on his own. 
Lelou is....

Lelouch: Oh, excuse me. 
Rolo: Lelouch, be careful. 
Jeremiah is heading toward you right now. 
He's an assassin send by the Order. 
My Geass didn't work on him. 
Lelouch: Wait, Jeremiah is alive? 
And what do you mean an assassin, Rolo? 
Rolo: I'm not sure. 
Anyway, don't do anything rush until we get there. 
Suzaku: What's up? 
Is something wrong? 
Lelouch: This is bad. 
With Suzaku here. 
Suzaku: By your expression I'm guessing that wasn't a friendly phone call. 
Ow! 
Shirley: Suzaku, stop that. 
My problem comes first, doesn't it? 
Suzaku: Right. 
Lelouch: Oh yeah. 
That's right. 
You two were waiting for each other here, weren't you? 
Shirley: What's the matter. 
Are you jealous? 
Thank so much, Lelou. 
Suzaku: Can't we just wait for a while? 
We should...

Shirley: C'mon! 
Let's go, Suzaku. 
Suzaku: Wait. 
Hold on. 
Lelouch: This area is about to become a battle field. 
And I can think of no safer place for Shirley than to be with Suzaku. 
Security: Jeremiah Gottwald? 
Jeremiah: Yes, I am. 
Security: The guy's bulletproof! 
Jeremiah: I understand. 
Lelouch has used his Geass on you. 
Lelouch: Not only does Geass have no effect on him, he has the power to cancel it as well. 
People: There's fire? 
People: Terrorists! 
Lelouch: Right. 
Come and get me, Orange. 
Suzaku: So what's this important thing you need to talk to me about? 
Shirley: Um, well I'm... well, I'm in love with Lelou. 
But you hate him, don't you? 
Suzaku: I liked him. 
At one time. 
Shirley: And now? 
I thought something was wrong. 
For the two of you used be so close together. 
What happened? 
Did you have a fight? 
Suzaku: I can't forgive him. 
Shirley: Nothing is unforgivable, you know. 
In other words it only means you're not willing to forgive him. 
You don't want to forgive him. 
I forgave him. 
I chose to. 
A long time ago. 
Suzaku: Shirley... What are you...

Security: Did you call the fire department? 
Security: In situations like this doesn't the army respond first? 
Suzaku: Sir Suzaku Kururugi. 
I'm the Knight of Seven. 
Security: My Lord! 
Suzaku: This might be an act of terrorism. 
So from here on, I'm taking command of all the perimeter police and fire fighting units. 
Security: Right. 
Understood, My Lord. 
Suzaku: And I want you to protect that young woman right over there. 
Ohgi: What is it? 
We're in the middle of a meeting. 
Tamaki: Like I care. 
Ain't no meeting I was invited to. 
Emergency call from Zero. 
Something weirds going on there. 
Ohgi: Zero, it's Ohgi. 
What's happened? 
What's the emergency? 
If it's about the guys from Taiwan, right now...

Villetta: Ohgi...

Ohgi: That voice! 
It's...

Rolo: Lelouch, just hang in there. 
Security: All units in position. 
Four teams on roof. 
Shirley: Lelou...

Security: Please get into the vehicle, miss. 
It's the Knight of Seven's orders. 
Miss! 
Come back here! 
Shirley: Hold on, Lelou. 
Don't worry. 
I won't leave you alone! 
Jeremiah: You won't escape me. 
Shirley: Lelou, where can you be? 
He must be fighting. 
Lelou's fighting... on his own. 
Lelouch: A mechanical body. 
And you've got Geass canceller. 
You're vengefulness is truly top notch, Orange boy. 
Jeremiah: There's no vengefulness. 
It's sheer loyalty. 
Lelouch: How I hate to hear that. 
What could the emperor have possibly done to deserve such loyalty? 
Jeremiah: Wha...? 
Lelouch: From your performance, I figured that you must be using Sakuradite. 
Jeremiah: A Gefjun Disturber...

Lelouch: Well, well, I see you've done your homework. 
You're aware that when the Sakuradite disruption system is complete, we can paralyze all of in functions with the railway circular route. 
In other words, bring Tokyo to a stand still. 
I'm grateful. 
You've been an exemplary test object. 
Shirley: Rolo! 
Rolo: Shirley, you're here? 
Shirley: Answer me, Rolo. 
Do you truly love Lelou? 
Lelouch: Now then, are you going to tell me what I wanna know? 
Where's the Order located? 
And where is V.V.? 
Jeremiah: You're the one who will talk here! 
Lelouch: What? 
Jeremiah: Because I have my reasons. 
I'm resolved to see my loyalty through! 
I must know the truth for certain, once and for all! 
Lelouch: But how? 
He shouldn't be able to move! 
Jeremiah: Why Lelouch? 
Why did you adopt the role of Zero? 
Why did you turn against your homeland? 
Becoming an enemy of the emperor as a result! 
Lelouch: I did it because I am Lelouch vi Britannia. 
My father, the Britannian emperor, allowed my mother to be killed! 
And so do it, he stole Nunnally's sight, her legs and our futures from us! 
Jeremiah: I know. 
I remember because I was there, too. 
Lelouch: You were? 
Jeremiah: My first assignment to guard her, Lady Marianne. 
Whom I loved and respected! 
But I failed to carry though with that loyalty. 
I just wasn't able to protect her! 
Lelouch: So you founded the Purebloods then. 
Jeremiah: Master Lelouch... Everything is becoming clear now. 
You became Zero for the sake of Lady Marianne, didn't you? 
Lelouch: But if you didn't come here to kill me then what are you trying to do? 
Jeremiah: I don't serve V.V. I follow only one. 
It's Lady Marianne. 
Now I'll die without regret. 
Lelouch: Lord Jeremiah! 
Jeremiah: My prince! 
Lelouch: Jeremiah Gottwald, listen. 
Your steadfast loyalty is still desperately needed here. 
Isn't that right? 
Jeremiah: Indeed. 
Yes, Your Majesty. 
Shirley: Rolo, I love Lelou. 
But what about you? 
Rolo: What a question? 
He's my only brother so of course I love him. 
Shirley: Then you're on Lelou's side, right? 
Right? 
Please! 
Let me join you! 
I want Lelou to be saved, too! 
I can help you protect him! 
I wanna bring all the happiness back into Lelou's life! 
Then maybe he could be together with his sister, Nunna! 
Lelouch: Right. 
I've send Jeremiah on ahead. 
He'll take care of any obstacles in the way. 
Don't try to fight him. 
He just came over to our side. 
Shirley! 
Shirley, who did this to you? 
Shirley: Lelou. 
I'm glad we can talk at the very end. 
Lelouch: Don't say that. 
It's not the end. 
I'll call a doctor so just...

Shirley: Ever since my memories are come back, I have been feeling so very afraid. 
A teacher who wasn't a teacher. 
Friends you don't have memories to share. 
Everyone who was just lying. 
It's that as though the whole world was spying on me. 
That's the world you've been fighting all by yourself, isn't it? 
All alone. 
So that's why I... why I wanted to be someone who at least be truthful to you. 
Lelouch: Shirley...

Shirley: Lelou, I love you. 
Even knowing how you caught my father in all this, I simply couldn't hate you. 
Even though you made me forget everything, I still fell in love with you. 
Even though my memories were tampered with, I kept falling in love with you all over again. 
Lelouch: No, Shirley! 
You can't die! 
Shirley: No matter how many times I reborn, I'll keep falling in love with you, Lelou. 
I suppose that it's simply fate. 
Lelouch: No, don't die! 
I order you not to die! 
Shirley: So is that okay then, Lelou? 
And as I reborn, I'll fall in love with you over and over... 
I'll keep falling in love with...

Lelouch: Shirley... Shirley...
   To this day no one has understood the urgent desires and heaving emotions within theyoung Britannian Lelouch. 
Despite his expectations for the final outcome,before he can go forward there was one more enemy Lelouch must confront.However this one is different from all others for this enemy is human nature itself.Hope and atonement, freedom and solitude, that mass of matter and energy known as the worldkeeps on flowing forward despite the desires of any one man. 
V.V: Charles, have you learned anything by becoming emperor? 
Charles: Yes, big brother. 
All people are liars. 
And this vast nation we call Britannia never changes. 
V.V: That may be true. 
But it's just human nature, isn't it? 
Charles: Perhaps you're right about that. 
V.V: Charles, you won't forget, will you? 
Our contract? 
Charles: I know. 
To kill God and smash this world of lies. 
Rolo: That was a close call, big brother. 
Shirley regained her memory. 
She had a gun. 
And she was coming after you. 
Lelouch: I see. 
So you're the one who killed her. 
Rolo: Yes. 
I did it for you. 
I have to eliminate your enemies. 
Lelouch: Rolo...

Rolo: What, big brother? 
Lelouch: You handled it very well. 
If it weren't for you, everybody would have known about my secret. 
Rolo: Exactly. 
And it isn't just your secret anymore, brother? 
Lelouch: True. 
So shall we destroy the Geass Order now? 
The Black Knights can wipe out the source of Geass once and for all. 
Rolo: Big brother, we can't! 
There are still Geass users there. 
Lelouch: If we keep avoiding this we'll never win. 
Remember this is for our happiness for both of us. 
Rolo: For both of us? 
Lelouch: That's right. 
V.V. has begun to suspect you. 
Are you afraid of V.V? 
Rolo: Well, he was the one who found me. 
Still, Lelouch, can I really believe in you? 
Lelouch: Of course. 
We're the only brothers we have, aren't we? 
Cornelia: Are you going to kill me? 
Or control me with your Geass like you did to Euphie. 
V.V: To prove your sister's innocence, you renounced your position, gave up everything. 
That's inspiring. 
You made me think, Cornelia, is there any more splendid relationship in this entire world than that of loyal siblings? 
Doctor: Organ failure due to gun shot wounds and loss of blood. 
Suzaku: Shirley... You're saying that she shot herself? 
Doctor: Yes. 
Apparently on impulse. 
Shirley's mother: No...! 
Suzaku: Suicide... she could do it...? 
Milly: Has anyone seen Lelouch? 
Kanon: I see. 
She was a friend of yours. 
Nina: Yes. 
Milly just told me about it. 
Kanon: Were you close? 
Nina: I'm not sure. 
She was always just so cheerful. 
To be honest, she kind of bothered me. 
Kanon: I see. 
Perhaps you were envious of her happiness. 
Nina: Maybe. 
Maybe that was it. 
That's why I never imagine that I would cry over her. 
Kanon: Nina, as long as you can shed tears then you're all right. 
C.C: I can't believe Lelouch. 
Who does he think I am? 
Leaving me behind here like I was a messenger girl or something. 
What? 
Hardly. 
I'm just really worry that he's forgotten our contract. 
Anyway, what are you planning to do? 
How long are you going to stay inside of...

Lelouch: C.C. I have finally located where the Order is. 
Jeremiah and Rolo provided key information. 
We're going to send in the Zero squad and wipe it out. 
C.C: Wipe it out? 
Weren't you going to use it? 
They're not a military group. 
They just do research into Geass. 
Lelouch: We'll crush them! 
C.C: Tell me what happened. 
Lelouch: The power of Geass which they unleashed caused Shirley's death. 
She was killed by Geass! 
C.C: And so now are you going to wipe out the Order? 
As atonement to make sure the same thing doesn't happen to anyone else. 
Lelouch: You said Geass is the power of the king. 
There could be only one king so I alone shall have it. 
I will erase Rolo. 
I will erase Geass from all the others. 
Its power to make people sinful will be obliterated from this world! 
I owe that to Shirley, at the very least! 
C.C: And are you going to erase me as well? 
Lelouch: You know I can't do that. 
You're eternally young and immortal. 
C.C: V.V. is also eternally young and also immortal. 
Lelouch: I'll neutralize him and leave him helpless. 
And there's always the method that Clovis used on you. 
Besides, I wanna see if you are really loyal to me now. 
Since you were once the leader of the Order we're fighting. 
C.C: That was a long time ago and I was just window dressing. 
I never had real power like V.V. Still... We've been accomplices, haven't we? 
Lelouch: The Order will be wiped out. 
Which will test you. 
C.C: I'm prepared to see it through to the end. 
Lelouch: Good. 
Because there's one thing more. 
I wanna know the details of our contract. 
What is it you want from all this. 
C.C: That has nothing to do with the mission. 
I have no intention of telling you that. 
Lelouch: Willful woman. 
C.C: Yes, that's right. 
That's exactly what makes me C.C. Geass Order: Bartley and the others are one thing. 
But what do we do about princess Cornelia? 
Geass Order: Should we at least contact His Majesty? 
V.V: Hmm, I wonder if Charles knew about Cornelia's actions, or if he didn't...

Geass Order: Huh? 
Geass Order: Director V.V, we have the scheduled transmission from Lord Jeremiah. 
V.V: Right. 
Can you patch it though? 
Lelouch: Surprised to see me? 
So you're V.V. V.V: Lelouch...

Geass Order: How could he have access to Jeremiah's network? 
Geass Order: Where's the signal from? 
Geass Order: Area 11. 
Looks like he's inside Ashford. 
Lelouch: I'm sure I need no introduction at this point. 
So I'll just start with direct questions. 
Was it you who kidnapped Nunnally during the battle for Tokyo? 
Also did you put Suzaku and I and the others on Kamine island to observe us? 
V.V: Yes, that's correct. 
But the fact that you're asking these questions means you've regained all of your lost memories, doesn't it? 
Lelouch: That's right. 
I am Zero. 
V.V: Then C.C. must be with you. 
Can you hand her over? 
We'll let you go free if you do. 
Lelouch: It's too late for that. 
I hereby declare war against you with no mercy. 
V.V: Oh yeah? 
But by the time you get here from Area 11 we'll move to another place. 
Geass Order: Director V.V.! 
Knightmares! 
V.V: What? 
Geass Order: I think it's the Black Knights! 
C.C: V.V. 's current location is verified. 
Strike force, encircle point alpha-7. 
V.V: I see. 
So that's how it is. 
Lelouch: That's right. 
I'm glad you gave me a bit of your time. 
You just had to let down your guard for a moment. 
Since you believed I was in Area 11, you thought you had time to escape. 
That's why you trapped now. 
V.V., the one who shall render judgement here is me! 
V.V: Load research data into the Eject Dart and prepare the device. 
You know which I wanna mean. 
Geass Order: Director, you're facing them personally? 
V.V: I need to buy you time to escape with the data. 
Besides, I have to teach some discipline to Marianne's child. 
Kallen: I never would have guessed. 
I mean that you were a loyal princess, Nunnally. 
Nunnally: Forgive me for hiding things from you. 
Kallen: Same for me. 
Nunnally: It's so nostalgic talking about Ashford Academy. 
They told me I wasn't to see Milly and others. 
So Suzaku is the only one I've been able to talk to. 
They also said my brother is vanished. 
No one knows where he is. 
Kallen: Tell me, what's sort of brother was Lelouch for you? 
Nunnally: Huh? 
Kallen: I used have a brother, too. 
So that's why I ask. 
Nunnally: I'm happy just to have someone to talk to about Lelouch. 
Suzaku: Excuse me, please. 
Viceroy Nunnally, I'd like to borrow prisoner 107 from you. 
Black Knights: Sub-commander Kinoshita, something's wrong here. 
This is not Britannian military installation. 
Kinoshita: Yeah, you're right. 
They haven't put up any resistance at all. 
They don't even seem to have weapons. 
Lelouch: Use extreme prejudice! 
Kinoshita: But sir...

Lelouch: Britannia has been colluding with traitors in the Chinese Federation. 
This lab is developing immortal warriors whose purpose is to destroy us. 
I won't let them violate the sanctity of life! 
The researchers and their data are to be wiped out! 
We don't know where the subjects of the immortality research are hidden. 
Therefore encircle point alpha-7 and destroy everything. 
Burn it to the ground! 
Any experimental subjects found are to be sealed inside of high pressure casing. 
I will investigate each one of them personally. 
Bartley: Have you found princess Cornelia yet? 
We have to use this chance to save every...

C.C: That man there. 
Wasn't he working with Clovis? 
Geass Order: Director C.C! 
You've come back to us. 
Geass Order: Please save us, C.C! 
Bartley: Your Highness, prince Clovis... 
The eternally young immortal woman you wish to present to His Majesty... 
It would seem that he was already aware of her existence... 
Please, please forgive me, Your Highness. 
We never should've involved ourselves with that witch...

Diethard: Yes, Zero's gone to attack Britannian research facility. 
He's kept location and missions secret. 
Chiba: More of those clandestine activities? 
Tohdoh: And now that the Saudis have been subjugated we must ratify the united states charters as quickly as possible. 
Diethard: It's true that more factions are caving into Britannia so we need to move very quickly as you say. 
Xingke: But there's positive movement as well. 
Italy and Poland have come over to our side. 
We need to speak to Zero as soon as he returns. 
Diethard: Understood. 
This is what Zero wants, isn't it? 
Sayoko: Yes, we have to maintain tight secrecy around his activities and his very existence. 
Diethard: Then I want you to go after deputy commander Ohgi. 
Sayoko: Huh? 
Diethard: He's been acting strangely since the meeting a few days ago. 
No, He's been hiding something from us for a long time before that. 
Clerk: Flights to the Chinese Federation right now are cancelled...

Villetta: I belong to the Office of Secret Intelligence. 
Clerk: The one that reports directly to His Majesty? 
Villetta: Right. 
I believe you have special flights for diplomatic purposes? 
Clerk: Yes, ma'am, we do. 
Villetta: Now that Lelouch has roped even Jeremiah into this...

Diethard: For Zero's sake, if the deputy commander is collaborating with the enemy, then...

Villetta: I must kill Ohgi Kaname! 
Mori: What are Children doing here? 
What... the...? 
My hand...

Black Knights: What [a xxx ] are you doing, Mori? 
Mori: It's not me! 
I can't control it! 
Geass Order: It's Geass? 
Geass Order: That power means...

Geass Order: Big brother Rolo! 
Rolo: Hey, I miss all you guys. 
How have you been? 
Black Knights: The new guy... 
Your name's Rolo, isn't it? 
Are you one of them? 
Rolo: I have nothing to do with them now. 
As long as I keep following my brother I'm all right. 
Lelouch: Once he corners V.V. I simply detonate the bomb I planted in Rolo's Knightmare. 
My funeral offering to Shirley will be Rolo's life! 
He will atone for what he did to her! 
What? 
C.C: The Siegfried! 
Jeremiah: Impossible! 
Lelouch: Jeremiah, Isn't that unit...? 
Jeremiah: Yes. 
Since it works on direct bio connect the only one who can use it besides me is...

Lelouch: I thought so! 
You surprised me, V.V. The observer becomes a perpetrator! 
V.V: You know, I sort of liked you, Lelouch. 
Because you remind me of Charles. 
C.C: I can't believe it. 
He's using the Siegfried unit here? 
Lelouch: Get out of here! 
You're the one he's after. 
V.V: Oh? 
Jeremiah: Hold it right there, V.V. Rolo: Please, just surrender. 
V.V: Who do you think you're talking to. 
You're just bunch of traitors, aren't you? 
Lelouch: V.V., I swear I'll tear you out of that thing myself! 
All units, attack! 
Jeremiah: Yes, Your Majesty. 
Lelouch: That spinning shield is powerful. 
V.V: Marianne's son is getting carried away with himself. 
Jeremiah: That machine was made so that I could prove my loyalty! 
V.V: Jeremiah, I thought that you had a personal grudge against Zero. 
Jeremiah: I did. 
Because I thought he was a mere commoner preventing me from serving the loyal family. 
But now I know who he is and I know that by serving him, I am serving My Lady, Marianne! 
V.V: Even you... You dare speak her name to me? 
Black Knights: Send our all remaining units. 
It looks like that monster outside is piloted by their leader! 
Kallen: Shirley? 
Suzaku: According to the forensics she committed suicide. 
Kallen: She never do that! 
Suzaku, you know that, don't you? 
Suzaku: Yeah, I do. 
Which means that if somebody murdered her... 
Yes. 
Lelouch...

Lelouch: Rolo, can you get to the Siegfried somehow? 
Rolo: I'm not able to use my Geass to do time stops on V.V. Lelouch: You just need to grab onto the unit. 
I have a plan after that. 
Rolo: Okay. 
I'll do my best. 
Lelouch: Rolo, the bomb I planted on the Vincent is ready. 
It'll destroy the Siegfried and you in one blast! 
Rolo: I have to try for big brother. 
V.V: Now it's Rolo's turn. 
You've lied to me just like all the others, haven't you? 
Even knowing that your Geass won't work on me. 
Oh yeah? 
Geass Order: Director V.V., we've finished preparations to escape with the research data. 
Shall we take it to the E.U. 
for now? 
V.V: Yes, I'll join you after I finish things here. 
Now I know how to capture C.C. So all we need to do is escape and regroup. 
Then Charles and I can put an end to this for good. 
Rolo: I just have to grab it. 
V.V: You're a failed experiment. 
Don't you know that? 
Your heart stops every time you use your Geass. 
That means you're defective. 
You could clog you up any moment. 
Rolo: Not yet! 
If I eject them...

V.V: Oh yeah? 
Rolo: I've done it, big brother! 
Lelouch: Well done, Rolo. 
Now it's time for goodbye. 
V.V: Who could know the Siegfried's only weak point? 
Cornelia: So your name is V.V. You're mistaken when you treated me like an incompetent weakling. 
Rolo: Forgive me, big brother. 
Lelouch: No, it's all right. 
I never expected Cornelia to be here. 
The Siegfried's shields are all down. 
Direct attack! 
Cornelia: Now you're going to suffer for what you did to Euphie. 
Lelouch: The source...

Cornelia: ...of Geass! 
V.V: It's no use. 
The Siegfried is finished. 
It's you, Lelouch. 
You an abomination! 
Jeremiah: Come, Your Highness! 
Geass Order: The Siegfried! 
Geass Order: Director V.V! 
Geass Order: Calm down. 
Remember director V.V. cannot be killed. 
He can always use the Twilight Gate on the lowest level. 
If we just get research data away from here, then we...

Geass Order: Is that...! 
Geass Order: Lady C.C.! 
C.C: Forgive me. 
This is my personal sin for having neglected you. 
At last I shall put an end to the lineage of Geass. 
So be it. 
Perhaps this is how Lelouch and I should...

Suzaku: All of the evidence and testimony imply that Lelouch is innocent. 
But in my heart I've known all along that Lelouch was the culprit, that he was Zero. 
Kallen: I don't know who Zero is. 
I told you that when I was captured. 
Suzaku: Enough of that. 
To prevent another death like Shirley's, nothing is off limits, not anymore. 
And that includes... 
Refrain. 
Lelouch: The target is fled inside. 
I'll look for him starting on the lowest level. 
Rolo, you search from the top down. 
Kinoshita, take command and sweep the middle levels. 
V.V: Lelouch, how dare you... 
I'm glad you came after all. 
Charles, the most splendid relationship in the world is that of loyal siblings. 
Charles: Big brother, is it true you're the one who sent an assassin after Lelouch? 
V.V: Yes. 
And thanks to that, I've been the victim of his assassins. 
But, I've also learned something. 
That Lelouch is Zero. 
That he even tricked Nunnally. 
Charles: You lied to me once again, big brother. 
Black Knights: This is as [barbaric] as Britannians. 
Was it really necessary to shoot children, was it? 
Lelouch: I'm picking up signs of life. 
Have you return to the point where you began, V.V? 
What's this!? 
Damn it! 
This is what happened on Kamine island. 
How was I pulled out of the Shinkiro? 
Where is this place? 
It's not an illusion or hologram. 
Charles: That is correct. 
And Knightmares are such inelegant things. 
Especially in the face of this system - the Sword of Akasha! 
Lelouch: It's you! 
Charles: Lelouch, my son. 
The time has come at last. 
The time for final redemption! 
The young Britannian Lelouch vowed to avenge his mother who was killed 8 years ago.And he pledged to create a world where his younger sister Nunnally could find happiness.For that purpose he gained power from a mysterious girl named C.C.The power of Geass. 
The absolute ability to compel any person to do whatever he commands.Lelouch used this power to embark on a path of destruction.Aimed at the heart of the Holy Britannian Empire ruled by his father.But at the end of that path what will he have gained and what will he have lost.Geass is called a power of the king. 
Yet of this power only one thing is clear.Those who use it walk a path of solitude. 
Charles: It's been a long time, Lelouch, my prodigal son. 
Lelouch: Answer my question about 8 years ago! 
Why didn't you try to protect mother!? 
You knew the others were plotting against her! 
You knew everything! 
Charles: People are not equal. 
Lelouch: What? 
Charles: You have a unique form of Geass. 
A power that no one else possesses. 
Use it. 
To get the answer from me. 
Lelouch: He's baiting me! 
Trying to get me to use my Geass on him. 
But if I look into his eyes and he'll look into mine! 
His Geass requires eye contact just like mine does. 
So the moment I look his Geass will take control of me and he'll alter my memories. 
What do I do? 
Charles: What's wrong? 
Are you not my son? 
A prince of Britannia. 
Lelouch: I have no time to make the wrong choice! 
Rolo: These orders are from Zero. 
Search through all facilities. 
Obey Zero. 
Bring all corpses to the designated area. 
We must determine if any of the experimental soldiers are among them. 
Black Knights: But this is... a massacre. 
Jeremiah: Bartley... 
I hated you for reconstructing me with this body. 
But your loyalty to the imperial family was genuine. 
So be it. 
I'll make my final decision. 
I will respect you. 
Lelouch: Lelouch vi Britannia commands you. 
And now... die! 
Charles: Very well, then. 
Lelouch: I won... 
I won. 
Mother... 
I... 
I did it. 
Kallen: I don't know anything about Lelouch. 
How many times must I say it? 
Suzaku: Would you swear to it solemnly on Shirley's grave? 
Now you're going to tell me everything with the help of this Refrain. 
Kallen: Please don't. 
Stop it! 
Suzaku: You don't have to be afraid. 
You'll lose your will power soon and then you'll answer all my questions. 
Kallen: Brother, help me...

Suzaku: Now you will obey my commands... 
I will not... be like him! 
C.C: How many years has it been since we were together face to face, V.V.? 
In the end I couldn't run away from my destiny, could I? 
V.V: Now I bear the burden of... that destiny...

C.C: Huh? 
V.V: ... of immortality...

C.C: What? 
V.V., are you...? 
V.V: So please, Charles... Well, do you swear it? 
Charles: Yes. 
In this world full of lies, we will never lie to each other. 
V.V: That's because I... 
I am your... your big brother...

Lelouch: I killed him. 
It was so easy. 
I had questions for a death he should've answered for. 
But now...

Charles: Oh? 
Who's? 
You're impudent, Lelouch. 
Lelouch: You're alive? 
That's impossible. 
The bullet went through your heart! 
Charles: Rotten schemes, deceptions... You really thought you could defeat me with those cheap tricks? 
You want the power of a king? 
Then have the courage to come at me like a king! 
Lelouch: Die! 
Charles: You think that's how a king does it? 
Lelouch: My Geass isn't working! 
Charles: You still do not understand? 
I am beyond the power of guns or swords now. 
No matter how you attack me it's useless! 
C.C: Charles, why steal V.V. 's Code now? 
Why would you kill the older brother you loved so much? 
V.V., you loved Marianne, didn't you? 
Lelouch: He's become immortal, too. 
I can't win... 
There's no way I can win! 
Charles: I've gained new power in place of Geass. 
A power that goes far beyond. 
And so Lelouch, behold and I shall show you the true nature of this world! 
Lelouch: What is this? 
Ohgi: Chigusa. 
Villetta: That was the name you called me when I'd lost my memory. 
What's my real name? 
Ohgi: Villetta. 
But that doesn't change anything. 
Villetta: I'm a Britannian baroness. 
No matter what the reason, if I don't erase the disgrace of my having loved in an Eleven, I won't be able to live in this world. 
Ohgi: I suppose not. 
If I must die, I just wish it could've been in Japan. 
Villetta: You came here knowing I was going to kill you? 
Ohgi: Everybody dies. 
I wanted to choose the time. 
Villetta: You could also choose to kill me if you want. 
Tell me, why did a terrorist save a Britannian in the first place! 
Ohgi: In the beginning I thought I could get information from you about Zero. 
I tricked you. 
Kept you under surveillance... 
But while we lived together...

Villetta: I'm your sworn enemy! 
Ohgi: But I still love you! 
Villetta: Are you insane? 
Ohgi: I must be... You are the enemy. 
But I can't stop myself from loving you! 
Villetta: I wish I'd never set eyes on you! 
Ohgi: From intelligence...? 
Lelouch: What is Geass? 
I want the truth! 
Charles: How strange. 
A child who's wrapped himself in lies desires the truth from others. 
Lelouch: What? 
Charles: The false name and false mask of Zero. 
What has it gotten you!? 
Lelouch: Everything! 
It got me all the things that ordinary people can never obtain! 
Followers! 
Territory! 
Mask: You lost Euphemia. 
Suzaku or Nunnally are also lost to your lies. 
Lelouch: Shut up! 
I did what I had to do. 
People lie to survive. 
No one is to blame us. 
Mask: You want others to know your true self yet you only show them a false face. 
How can anyone know if you don't reveal yourself...

Charles: If you hide behind mask. 
Mask: You are afraid that they'll find out who you really are. 
Lelouch: No! 
Charles: In the end your lies serve no purpose. 
Because you are me and I am you. 
All else is illusion. 
Though there are worlds without end, there is but one being in the past, in the future, and now, only one! 
Lelouch: One? 
What are you saying? 
C.C: Charles. 
Play time is over now. 
There's nothing in it for me now. 
No value in the games anymore. 
Lelouch: C.C.? 
C.C: You don't have to cajole him like this to get me here. 
I already exist in this realm. 
Lelouch: True enough, C.C. In that case I shall grant your wish. 
Lelouch: You know what C.C. 's wish is? 
C.C: Lelouch, it's time you knew the conditions of our contract and what I desire. 
My wish is to die. 
To end my existence in all worlds forever. 
Lelouch: But why? 
Why would you want to die? 
C.C: In the final stage of Geass, the user attains the position of the one who granted them the power. 
Thus you have gained the power to kill me. 
Lelouch: Kill you? 
C.C...

C.C: Of all those I made contracts with, none has ever reached that point. 
But now there's Charles. 
He has done it. 
Lelouch: You mean you made your contract with me so that you could cease to exist? 
C.C: Correct. 
Lelouch: But... why would you want to die? 
C.C: It's providence, a boundary. 
Only when it's finite can we call it life. 
Lelouch: That's wrong! 
We call it life because we feel it! 
C.C: Same thing. 
There is no life unless there is death. 
Lelouch: That's just wordplay! 
It's not real! 
C.C: People die. 
That's real. 
Lelouch: Then why are we born at all? 
What's the purpose of it? 
The meaning? 
C.C: You know the answers. 
Those things are all just illusions. 
Lelouch: No, living just to die is too sad! 
C.C: Without death all we have are random events, accumulation, you can't call that life. 
If you have a reason for living then you have to kill me. 
Do that and you'll be Charles's equal. 
You finally be able to beat him. 
So fare thee well, Lelouch. 
You're too kind to end our contract. 
Lelouch: Wait! 
You're...

C.C: Charles, why did you steal V.V. 's Code? 
Charles: Is there any point in asking such questions? 
After all you are about to die. 
C.C: I suppose you're right. 
Lohmeyer: So very well then, I'll proceed with the redevelopment of the Saitama ghetto according to this schedule. 
Nunnally: Wait a minute, please. 
Lohmeyer: Huh? 
Nunnally: Here. 
Lohmeyer: Is there something wrong? 
Nunnally: This plan you worked out. 
It isn't going to penalize the Elevens, is it? 
Lohmeyer: Of course not. 
It's the best possible plan for them and for us. 
Nunnally: That is... a lie, isn't it? 
Please rework the plan once more. 
I don't wish the Elevens to be disadvantaged by it. 
Lohmeyer: Princess. 
I am an expert. 
Please let me handle that. 
Nunnally: Miss Lohmeyer. 
I... 
I believed it that I... 
I'm the viceroy. 
Suzaku: After all this my only choice is to confront Lelouch about it directly. 
Rivalz: Suzaku, did you finish your work at the bureau? 
Suzaku: Have you seen Lelouch? 
Rivalz: I guess what happened to Shirley really shook him up. 
He hasn't been home or at school. 
Hey! 
Suzaku: Where is Lelouch Lamperouge now? 
O.S.I. 
Staff: There is no unusual activity. 
Suzaku: I asked where he is! 
Where's commander Villetta? 
Where's his brother Rolo? 
O.S.I. 
Staff: As I said, there is no unusual activity to report. 
It's the same as always. 
Suzaku: So that's it. 
The entire O.S.I. 
staff has been...! 
Schneizel: Please forgive me. 
I had to speak with Nunnally. 
Nina: It's all right. 
We're still getting ready. 
Kanon: What happened? 
Schneizel: Oh you know the topic. 
Lloyd's Camelot group and Suzaku. 
Kanon: I meant with the Tromo Agency. 
Schneizel: Oh that. 
It depends on the result of this test. 
Nunnally: Yes. 
My brother Schneizel contacted me. 
We can raise Area 11 status to satellite region. 
He said it's in recognition of improved public order and productivity. 
Suzaku: That's good news. 
Lelouch must have been Zero all this time. 
But if I report that to the emperor what happens to Nunnally? 
Charles: If Lelouch regains his memories then I shall simply use Nunnally to deal with him. 
Nunnally: Suzaku, you're not hiding anything, right? 
Suzaku: Of course not. 
You're the one person that I'd never lied to. 
Nunnally: Then will you tell me who it was I spoke to on the phone that time? 
Wasn't it my big brother? 
Suzaku, you're just like him, aren't you? 
Like my brother. 
Rolo: He's gone? 
Zero's gone? 
Black Knights: Yes. 
We received the signal that he'd sighted the target but he and the Shinkiro are missing. 
Rolo: Missing? 
My brother is...? 
Lelouch: Where am I? 
Hey! 
C.C: It's no use. 
These are on my memories. 
You can't interfere. 
Lelouch: C.C.? 
No you're not, are you? 
C.C: Who are you? 
Tell me. 
Lelouch: I'm Lelouch. 
I am your... 
Sister: Do you have some reason to live, child? 
C.C: I know... 
I just... don't wanna die! 
Sister: Then let's make a contract. 
I will give you a special power so you can survive. 
And in return one day you will grant me a special wish. 
Do you swear that you'll do it? 
Lelouch: So is this...? 
C.C: It is. 
I swore to uphold that contract. 
Ohgi: Stop it! 
Stop it both of you, please! 
Sayoko: I'm sorry about this. 
We were getting along quite well together. 
Ohgi: Stop! 
Villetta: Ohgi! 
C.C: The Geass I manifested was to make people love me. 
Lelouch: Love you? 
C.C: Because deep in my heart I... 
I wanted to be loved by someone. 
And my wish was granted. 
Because of my Geass I was loved by everyone. 
But in the end it was too much. 
Love without limit was love without meaning. 
I forgot what love really was. 
The only person I believed in was her. 
Because my Geass couldn't work on her she was the one person who would scold me for being trivial. 
And yet... 
Yes, yes. 
I gave back all the gifts I received like you told me to. 
But it can't be helped, can it? 
It's because of the Geass. 
I'm grateful to you sister, but this is a pain for me, too. 
I'm so tired of all the proposals and flowers. 
Now some of them are starting a religion around me. 
Sister: Then shall we end it? 
C.C: Huh? 
Sister: I need someone to take my place. 
Someone with a Geass that's exceptionally strong. 
So eternity can finally end for me. 
Can you imagine the agony? 
The hell of living on and on for eternity? 
C.C: What are you talking about? 
Sister: I'm sorry dear. 
I'm afraid I tricked you! 
C.C: She had just pretended to be friends with me right from the start. 
I was a tool. 
A way for her to end her life. 
That's all. 
You're still not in here. 
That means you're not from my past. 
You're a real person, aren't you? 
Lelouch: Am I? 
I couldn't really say. 
C.C: I wonder if you're very important to me. 
Lelouch: That's impossible. 
C.C: Oh? 
The fact you were sent here means I wanted to try to save you from something or someone. 
The people who hated me, the ones who were kind to me, all of them eventually vanished into the flow of time. 
The endless flow of eternity. 
Charles: But now your tormented days...

C.C: Yes, they're over now. 
My long journey ends here. 
Lelouch: C.C.! 
Charles: You've opened it, Lelouch. 
The Thought Elevator. 
Lelouch: I see it now. 
This room of existence is itself a system for interfering with thought! 
Charles: Soon it will be over. 
Lelouch, sit where you are and watch! 
Lelouch: Stop it! 
C.C. is mine. 
She's my...! 
Tell me C.C., why didn't you make me take your place? 
You could've earned your death that way. 
Force me into your hell of eternal life! 
C.C., I wasn't out of pity, was it? 
Don't die looking like that! 
You should come to death smiling. 
I promise you to smile you never had! 
Please! 
Charles: What do you think you're doing, C.C.? 
Lelouch: You have stolen enough from me already, father! 
You won't have her, too! 
Charles: No! 
xxx . 
[...really at all]. 
Lelouch: I know what it was now. 
I understand what your Geass was! 
And I know your true wish! 
Come closer! 
Let me reach you! 
Researcher: F.L.E.I.J.A. 
activation, confirmed. 
Researcher: It worked! 
Kanon: I can't believe the explosive force! 
Resercher: Chief, congratulations! 
Nina: Oh no. 
The whole staff at Invogue deserves the credit. 
Schneizel: You'll have to accept the compliment, Nina. 
You are a genius! 
Nina: I'm very honored, Prince Schneizel. 
Now war itself will change, and mankind, with it. 
Schneizel: Damocles is here at last. 
Lelouch: Hey, we're back C.C. Wake up. 
I've already contacted Rolo. 
We'll use him to get out of here. 
C.C: Who are you, sir? 
Lelouch: What are you saying? 
We need to talk about the emperor and...

C.C: Are you... my new master? 
I can clean and help prepare food for cooking. 
I can also fetch water and tend cows and sew. 
I can read a little and count to twenty. 
Oh, I can even carry away corpses if you need that... 
The world continues moving on.Thanks to miracles which Zero has performed.The world is being reborn.Thanks to actions which Zero has taken.Yes. 
The world is moving to the next stage as it should.Against conflicting emotions Zero must carry on.For the hands which mark time cannot be stopped. 
Guilford: The emperor has gone? 
Cecile: He's disappeared? 
Nunnally: He has. 
I've just received word from Prime Minister Schneizel about it. 
It's important that we restrict this information to only those present here. 
He also said that this situation is only known to a handful of people in the homeland. 
Guilford: What on earth happened to him? 
Nunnally: There is no news on the investigation. 
Edgar: Hold on a minute. 
Won't this affect our plans to attack the Chinese Federation? 
Claudio: If His Majesty isn't present to issue a declaration of war then we can't do anything. 
Lohmeyer: And there's domestic security. 
If the Numbers were to learn of this situation you had better have new policies in place. 
Nunnally: Well, I...

Lohmeyer: People expect action from authority figures. 
Gino: Ah, miss Lohmeyer, do you think you'd like to handle it alone? 
Lohmeyer: Sorry, I meant no disrespect. 
Suzaku: Is this for the best? 
With the emperor gone, Nunnally should be safe for now. 
But...

Lelouch: I've done it! 
The actions which Britannia has taken prove the emperor is absent. 
It seems he has truly trapped in the other round. 
Though I am concerned about what he said before, I am content simply knowing that Nunnally is safe. 
C.C: Um... what should I be doing now? 
Lelouch: Let's see now. 
Sing me a song while hopping on one foot and wearing your clothes inside out. 
C.C: Yes. 
Right away, master. 
Lelouch: What? 
No, wait! 
I was kidding! 
C.C: I'm sorry. 
Please don't beat me hard again. 
Lelouch: Her mind is completely reverted. 
She's now only the slave girl before the power of Geass came. 
Don't you worry. 
I would never do anything that harm you at all. 
It's the truth. 
I promise you. 
Jeremiah: Master Lelouch. 
Lelouch: Yes, Jeremiah. 
What is it? 
I see. 
You've got her out of there inside of the Sutherland's cockpit. 
Jeremiah: Please forgive me. 
You ordered to me to destroy them all. 
But killing a member of the Britannian loyal family was just...

Lelouch: Forget it. 
Or rather I should say, well done. 
Cornelia: Tell me, Lelouch. 
What is it you're seeking with that accursed power? 
Lelouch: What am I seeking? 
I'm seeking to save a sister that I adore. 
Cornelia: How dare you...! 
Asahina: Kinoshita. 
Kinoshita: Captain Asahina. 
Asahina: I see. 
Blood stains. 
I'd like to know what was Zero doing. 
Kinoshita: Well, I...

Rolo: Won't say a thing. 
Those are Zero's orders. 
The details are top secret. 
Even general Tohdoh isn't allowed to know. 
Asahina: You xxx weird confident wait around for a newbie. 
Rolo: Value in this team is gained by confidence. 
And confidence is earned by the Black Knight from Zero himself. 
Asahina: That's some trusting value system. 
Suzaku: I'm so sorry. 
Kallen: What the hell does that mean? 
There's no need to apologize. 
It's either right or wrong. 
You think you can flip on the good guy routine whenever you like? 
Now when I'm this pissed off! 
Kallen Kouzuki is a soldier, not a side show. 
I'm mostly pissed off because you're not resisting. 
There, put me to death. 
An inmate assaulting a Knight of the Round should be good reason enough for anyone. 
Suzaku: No, I won't. 
Because I'm the one who did wrong. 
Kallen: "No, I won't." 
I hate you! 
Lelouch: And so by ratifying this charter it will get birth to an alliance that'll rival the Holy Britannian Empire. 
And its name shall be... the United Federation of Nations! 
Kaguya: It's wonderful, Master Zero! 
Xianglin: There are exiled regime throughout the Britannian colonies. 
Some have agreed to participate. 
Diethard: With this move we've finally earned a just cause to launch a war of liberation. 
Tohdoh: A just cause to launch a war...

Xingke: If the forthcoming operation to recapture Japan is indeed successful, then other undecided nations will join us in a chain reaction. 
Lelouch: And it will succeed. 
But we must form the U.F.N. 
before Britannia could act. 
Time decides our victory or defeat. 
I ask only that you cooperate on the focus of our plan. 
I know representatives here must discuss the needs of their individual countries. 
But remember, what you decide will change the course of world history! 
Milly: Hi, everyone! 
How are you? 
C.C: I'm so sorry! 
Milly: It's up-and-coming one-woman festival with Milly Ashford here! 
TV: Well, you're not exactly alone, you know. 
Milly: Guess what, audience? 
We're going to the jungle right here in the city! 
TV: We are? 
Milly: Animal time! 
That means hot topics with...

Lelouch: I brought you some food, chicken. 
It's only me. 
It's called pizza. 
I think you'd be hungry by now. 
I really wanted you to have some so asked Sugiyama to help me out. 
You don't remember, do you? 
Go ahead. 
Try it. 
It's all right. 
You can eat. 
C.C: Okay. 
Lelouch: It's good, isn't it? 
C.C: Oh yes, yes. 
It's very really good. 
Lelouch: I thought so. 
I'm glad you like it. 
Prez, I'm not sure that's the way to start out a new career. 
I see. 
That's right. 
You don't even know what this is, do you? 
Anya: Troubled mind? 
Suzaku: Nothing but trouble. 
Even though I chose it myself. 
Decisions I made eight years back. 
Anya: Do you still place trust in him? 
The you from eight years ago? 
Suzaku: Are you asking of the choices I made were foolish? 
Anya: Memories that people have are always fake. 
No point in believing in them. 
Suzaku: I'd have to disagree with that. 
Anya: But I know it. 
In my case I kept diary from nine years ago. 
I don't remember anything from it at all. 
And there's more I don't trust. 
The data I store doesn't much any memories I have. 
Suzaku: Could that be it? 
The emperor's Geass? 
But why use it on Anya? 
Anya: Even recent things, my memories don't match the recordings at all. 
Like when fighting with the Chinese Federation they don't...

Luciano: What do people value most, sir Kururugi, the traitor? 
Are their own life, of course. 
Suzaku: So I see that you've returned from the Belarusian front, Sir Bradley. 
Anya: It's the Knight of Ten. 
Luciano: I see your skill at courting with the new ladies are still intact. 
Princess massacre wasn't enough for you? 
Suzaku: Speak another untrue word of her name and you will have to face me in a duel, sir. 
Luciano: Oh, it seems you've forgotten. 
I'm very well known as the genius of homicide. 
Perhaps being only a Number without any true bloodline is...

Suzaku: They sent the Galahad? 
Bismarck: Both of you, cease your squabbling! 
Anya: The Knight of One. 
But why would they send Bismarck Waldstein here? 
Bismarck: Anya, a foolish question. 
Obviously the Black Knights will invade Area 11 first. 
Luciano! 
I brought the Valkyrie squadron for that here as well. 
I've also readied Gareths for this event. 
Now is the time for us to join our forces under the command of Prince Schneizel. 
So save your solo fronting for the battle field. 
Luciano: I understand it well. 
Whatever you say, My Lord. 
Kallen: So Lelouch always acted like that, huh? 
Nunnally: My big brother can be so stubborn at times. 
But actually he's really very kind. 
Kallen: My brother Naoto was like that as well. 
Luciano: Oh, I'd heard we captured the Black Knight ace but I didn't expect to find such a lovely young girl. 
Nunnally: I don't believe I gave you permission to enter this area, Sir Bradley. 
Luciano: My apologies, Your Highness. 
Kallen: Well, so you're the Vampire of Britannia. 
Luciano: Yes. 
It's a shame we're not on a battle field that I could savor your blood as well. 
Kallen: Pity. 
So you're here to finish off the hostage? 
Luciano: Not so. 
Hostages have only one value I care for. 
It seems to hold dear is a life. 
And while alive, one can do anything he has a whim for to its body. 
Gino: Have you no sense of pride, dear Sir Bradley? 
Threatening an unarmed imprisoned woman. 
Luciano: The naive child's still getting on by family rulers. 
Gino: Hmm, tell me. 
Are you implying that it's easy to become a Knight of the Round on family recognition alone? 
Cecile: Mount the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
onto the Lancelot? 
Lloyd: Well, the intention was for Suzaku to pilot the Guren but...

Suzaku: The Guren? 
Cecile: Sorry, he's right. 
I got so carried away I forgot. 
It's just Lloyd and I... got so wrapped up in our little hobby, we...

Suzaku: Hobby? 
Lloyd: Rakshata's mechanisms are quite easy to tinker with. 
Now it's so souped up, it can't be flown. 
End result, you're our little Devicer again. 
Nina: Excuse me, professor Lloyd. 
Now that you mentioned the Lancelot. 
Lloyd: You wouldn't mix up a strategic weapon with a tactical one, would you? 
Nina: I have thought it through. 
Any matter caught within the primary area of effect field will be annihilated by the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
's rapid sphere collapse. 
Cecile: Hold on. 
You want Suzaku to fire a weapon like that? 
Nina: He'd kill his own people. 
A massacre. 
Suzaku, you don't consider yourself an Eleven anymore, right? 
That's why I want to entrust the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
to you. 
Suzaku: You give me that burden? 
Nina: You were Princess Euphemia's knight, so naturally. 
Lloyd: Hmm, Nina, darling. 
A fine quandary might just kill Suzaku. 
And take you along, as well. 
Diethard: Yes, we've finished preparations for a worldwide broadcast. 
Li Xingke and general Tohdoh are in the waiting area. 
Right. 
Lelouch: Very good. 
After I meet with the Indian and Guinean members, expect me at the assembly. 
Do not leave this room. 
C.C: Okay. 
And so, later. 
Lelouch: Later? 
C.C: I mean, see you later. 
Lelouch: I'll be off then. 
Tianzi: Regarding the union of the nations charter, I will leave explanation of it to Representative of the Supreme Council Kaguya Sumeragi. 
Xingke: Are you all right? 
We could always...

Tianzi: No! 
I already got the...

Xianglin: You're the empress. 
We know you can. 
Tamaki: Good thing we followed Zero, isn't it, buddy? 
Asahina: I'm sure is. 
Minami: By the way, where's C.C.? 
Sugiyama: I heard that she was still feeling ill.

Tamaki: Morning sickness, huh? 
Congrats to papa Zero! 
Futaba: Tamaki-san, maybe you had a little too much. 
Tamaki: Bring on the good stuff! 
Tohdoh: A soldier wearing makeup is disgraceful. 
Chiba: I have to make you look good. 
Um, sir. 
After this... current situation is over, I'd like to propose a request to Kyoshiro Tohdoh. 
Minami: Great. 
You're finally here. 
Sugiyama: Is this any time to be running late again? 
Ohgi: I know. 
Sorry guys. 
Tohdoh: Ohgi, did you oversleep again? 
Chiba: Too slow. 
Ohgi: Sorry I'm late. 
But the truth is...

Diethard: We're all here. 
Let's go. 
It's a day to change all of the history books, right? 
Announcer: We're coming live to you right over Horai island where the ratification ceremony for the united states charter is about to begin. 
Milly: To help viewers understand this development, the ceremony of ratification of this new charter will create federation of nations that will rival our own empire. 
As parts of the now dissipating E.U. 
are joining as well, it will have a great unified power. 
Included from the E.U. 
are Poland, Italy...

Rivalz: Can't xxx soldiers like Suzaku, no blame at all, why can't I contact to Rolo or Lelouch? 
Milly: The Black Knights have convinced all of these representative nations to participate. 
Therefore, the leader behind this must be Zero. 
In short, the U.F.N. 
will most likely be an enemy to Britannia. 
Military forces are deployed in Kyushu, Chugoku and Hokuriku. 
Announcer: As everyone watching this broadcast has witnessed, all 47 nations have just ratified the united states charter. 
Please stay tuned. 
Britannian Soldier: Lord Guilford, we've finished preparations for your troops review. 
Guilford: Very good. 
On my way. 
Yes? 
Don't worry, if it's about the troop review I under...

Jeremiah: Lord Guilford. 
Guilford: Orange boy? 
Kanon: They're forming a union of nations, just as you said. 
Bismarck: But the military of each country will never be able to work together. 
Lohmeyer: They'll just be an unruly mob. 
Schneizel: No. 
There is an option. 
Announcer: ...this charter and those of international accords this article takes precedence. 
Kaguya: Finally, article 17 of the united states charter, all ratifying nations do now declare to abandon native military power forever. 
Suzaku: Abandon military power...? 
Lohmeyer: Are they mad? 
Kaguya: To guarantee the security of member nations have agreed to employ a fighting force not affiliated with any one country. 
They have contracted it to the Black Knights. 
Lelouch: We hereby accept. 
Our acceptance also allows us for U.F.N. 
funding and personnel involvement. 
In return, we will become the shield to defend every member nation and its sword to oppose any external foe! 
Schneizel: The option, right? 
Tianzi: Disturbances in this world are caused by military powers of disparate nations. 
The U.F.N. 
shall only use military force in accordance with a full resolution by the supreme council. 
Kaguya: And with that I shall put forth the first motion. 
Japan has been held by unjust foreign power and the U.S.J. 
have asked for our help to free them from this occupation. 
I request that the Black Knights be dispatched at once. 
All those in favor, please stand up. 
And so with overwhelming majorities, under U.F.N. 
resolution number 1, the Black Knights shall now go forth to liberate Japan. 
Lelouch: So be it. 
Under U.F.N. 
resolution number 1, our first operational objective shall be Japan! 
Tohdoh: Our Japan. 
And now we shall take it back! 
Rakshata: We might rescue Kallen also. 
Ohgi: Yeah, we'll do that. 
Charles: Hear me, Zero. 
Lelouch: What? 
Black Knights: The system's hacked? 
It's coming in from 14 external paths! 
Suzaku: The emperor? 
Luciano: Well, look who's back. 
Schneizel: Was this fake disappearance you're doing, father? 
A charade? 
Diethard: Switch to the auxiliary line! 
Cut the link, damn it! 
Black Knights: We can't. 
They've got those as well. 
Charles: Zero, you thought this foolishness would surprise me? 
Lelouch: Impossible! 
He's still alive? 
Charles: However, it matters not. 
This charter you made is a child's note. 
The E.U., once a third of the world, is now dead. 
You've only helped distinguish Britannia on a map from the rest of the pitiful dirt. 
The situation is very simple and clear for in the end whoever succeeds in this battle shall gain control of the entire world. 
Very well. 
Have at me, Zero. 
I'm ready. 
So will you win it all now, Zero, or will you lose everything! 
Time to learn the gambles of war. 
All hail Britannia! 
Britannian Army: All hail Britannia! 
All hail Britannia! 
All hail Britannia! 
All hail Britannia! 
Tohdoh: Long live Japan! 
Chiba: Long live Japan! 
Britannian Army: All hail Britannia! 
All hail Britannia! 
All hail Britannia! 
Black Knights: Long live Japan! 
Long live Japan! 
Long live Japan! 
Long live...

Lelouch: The emperor is still alive? 
C.C: Um, excuse me. 
Welcome back. 
Lelouch: This isn't good. 
Not good at all. 
I have to rescue Nunnally at once! 
Maybe I could use Cornelia some way. 
No. 
The hostage plea would have no effect on him. 
Perhaps use Jeremiah or Rolo. 
No, I can't! 
And Geass won't work on him. 
Should I reveal to the world that Zero is Lelouch? 
No! 
If the Black Knights found out their leader were an enemy prince, I'd lose that too. 
And rescuing Nunnally is useless if there's no country that will accept us. 
Damn it! 
What should I do? 
C.C: Um, master, I kept this last piece so you could have it. 
You left without having breakfast and must be hungry. 
So please, if you ...

Lelouch: Be quiet! 
Hey...

C.C: Forgive me, Master. 
I'll clean it up at once. 
Lelouch: No, leave it there. 
Be careful now. 
You're bleeding. 
C.C: No, it's fine. 
I'm okay. 
I get cut up all the time. 
Lelouch: All the time? 
C.C: Bleeding feels even better when it's cold. 
It feels warm on your outside. 
It stings a bit. 
But only on the outside. 
And that's always better than hurt on your inside. 
It's just... Any kind of warmth helps make you try to keep going. 
Oh, look it, Master, you're shaking. 
Are you cold now? 
Lelouch: Yeah, maybe. 
Maybe I am. 
And the hurt on the inside, how's it healed? 
C.C: You just think of... some friends. 
I've never actually had one. 
Not like families, that always comes and goes, I mean, someone special who stands beside you. 
At least, I guess that's what I've heard that friends do. 
Lelouch: Yes, they do. 
C.C: I'm right? 
A friend will stand by your side? 
Lelouch: Exactly right. 
A friend is always there. 
Suzaku: I'm here. 
Lelouch: It's Lelouch. 
Suzaku: I know. 
Lelouch: So, have you seen the news? 
Suzaku: About Area 11 becoming a battle field again? 
Yes. 
Lelouch: The Tokyo settlement. 
It'll be in danger. 
Suzaku: Depends. 
On your decisions. 
Lelouch, are you Zero? 
Lelouch: Yes, I am. 
I am Zero. 
Suzaku: Now tell me why an enemy of Britannia is calling. 
Lelouch: Help me! 
Please save Nunnally. 
The emperor has been using her as hostage to try lure me into his trap. 
Don't you see? 
That's why I've had to operate in secret. 
Please Suzaku. 
You're the only person I can turn to now. 
Suzaku: How dare you? 
You think that request means anything to me? 
Lelouch: No, I don't. 
But I need your help. 
I need it now! 
Suzaku: Always so selfish. 
Lelouch: Yes. 
You're all I have. 
The only friend I can turn to. 
Suzaku! 
Protect her. 
It's Nunnally. 
My heart's begging. 
Suzaku: Very well then. 
However, one condition. 
I will protect Nunnally. 
But you must come to Area 11 by yourself where she is. 
The place will be the Kururugi Shrine. 
The two of us meet there. 
Alone. 
The world continues moving on.Thanks to miracles which Zero has performed.The world is being reborn.Thanks to actions which Zero has taken.Yes. 
The world is moving to the next stage as it should.Against conflicting emotions Zero must carry on.For the hands which mark time cannot be stopped. 
Guilford: I came alone as I promised. 
Now what's the meaning of this, Jeremiah? 
If you have information on Princess Cornelia's whereabouts then why do you need to tell it only to me in secret? 
Announcer: The Black Knights are approaching the Kagoshima coast. 
But rest assured. 
There's no need to worry. 
Under the command of Lord Waldstein, the Knight of One, we Britannian shall... 
Soldier: This is already Britannian territory. 
Don't let a single soldier land here. 
Xingke: The enemy has fallen for our plan. 
They'll be shorthanded in the south so dispatch our landing forces to shore. 
Soldier: Enemy headed for Yamaguchi. 
Soldier: Garcia team, wiped out! 
Soldier: Damn the Black Knights! 
How did they amass this strength? 
Soldier: We thought we could hold our territorial defense line, but after what Xingke did to us in the battle of the East China sea...

Bismarck: All right. 
Don't panic. 
As long as we are able to defend Area 11, all the imperial armies led by Prince Odysseus and the other royal family members can rush into the U.F.N. 
territories. 
The remaining Knights of the Round are deployed on the front line as well. 
Kaguya: Or to put it another way, if Japan is liberated, the other colony areas of Britannia will spring into action one after another which will redefine the map of the world. 
Bismarck: In summation...

Kaguya: It's the decisive battle! 
Lelouch: Has it really been eight years? 
Eight years since Nunnally and I were left on our own at Kururugi shrine. 
And there...

Suzaku: How do you like that, you stupid Brit! 
Lelouch: That was where we first met Suzaku. 
Suzaku: I don't need a reason to save when I wanna save or do what I wanna do! 
Lelouch: You always were stubborn. 
But of course that was the reason. 
The reason you became the first and only real friend I ever had. 
And that's why. 
Why I think I'll take a chance on you, Suzaku. 
If you can accept me, and perhaps...

Luciano: This will hardly do for me. 
Why such meager offerings. 
Soldier: The Vampire of Britannia! 
Soldier: [I'll?] 
hit him at the same time! 
Soldier: Right! 
Soldier: Six-way charge attack! 
Soldier: What the...? 
Luciano: Question - What do people value most? 
Soldier: Stop it, please! 
Luciano: That's right. 
Your own life. 
Soldier: Please! 
No! 
Xianglin: Our left wing is crumbling, master Xingke. 
It's one Knighmare with unique breakthrough power. 
Xingke: Dispatch Indira's team for support. 
Have left wing teams fall back at one. 
Decoy and isolate enemy unit. 
Xianglin: Roger. 
Kaguya: As far as I'm aware, Prince Schneizel ought be staying in Tokyo. 
Schneizel: There's nothing to fear. 
The Knight of One, the strongest in the empire, is in Kyushu. 
If we can just ride this out and remain anchored in Tokyo, this will only look like minor trouble to foreign countries. 
Britannian: Yes, Your Highness. 
Schneizel: It'll be all right, Nunnally. 
I expect this war will be over soon. 
I have a knack for reading these situations. 
Soldier: With Savage Valkyrie squadron repel the ambush troops from Nagasaki... 
Soldier: Now dispatching reinforcements to Shimane. 
Soldier: Send Sir Morrey to the front as backup. 
Soldier: Sir Karim, fall back. 
Rendezvous with Sir Lasceaux and regroup your team. 
Soldier: It looks as if the enemy offensive is losing steam. 
And if you join the battle, you'll surely finish this with one blow, Lord Waldstein. 
Bismarck: You think so? 
Soldier: Huh? 
Bismarck: This attack is far too weak for one of Zero's trademark strategy. 
Soldier: Prepare to launch. 
Special equipment unit one, provide support. 
Galahad, launch. 
Suzaku: You came alone? 
Lelouch: I promised I would. 
Suzaku: You have a lot nerve coming here. 
Lelouch: According to this particular situation there were 31 routes I could take. 
Especially with Britannia being so loose with the routes relating to the loyal family. 
Suzaku: That's not what I meant, Lelouch. 
Showing your face in front of me, that's what took nerves. 
Not your own daring. 
But you promised? 
I have no reason to believe any of your promises at this point. 
Lelouch: Then explain to me. 
Why did you come here alone as well? 
After what you did. 
Suzaku: You wanna know? 
I'm fed up with lying. 
I've had to lie to Nunnally. 
Just the way you have. 
That's the worst thing. 
Some friend you were. 
You've been betraying me all along. 
Not just me, either, but everyone on the student council, too. 
And even Nunnally. 
And don't forget Euphie! 
Asahina: Are you sure about this, Tohdoh? 
We just wait here? 
Tohdoh: We still haven't received a word from Zero. 
Chiba: But now that the Knights of the Round have joined the battle. 
Even general commander Xingke is no match. 
Tohdoh: Have faith in Zero. 
Asahina: How can we? 
After he brought Orange and that Rolo person into our ranks without conferring with us first. 
Chiba: Don't you feel that he's keeping too many secrets from us? 
Asahina: Like when he took Kinoshita on that secret mission? 
Tohdoh: We need Zero's abilities now more than ever. 
Haven't we already discuss this many times with Ohgi as well as the others? 
Asahina: So what if Japan is liberated? 
Chiba: Right. 
What happens then? 
Tohdoh: Rakshata, where are Ohgi and Diethard? 
Rakshata: Dunno. 
Ohgi: All right. 
Just what are you trying to achieve by threatening me, Diethard? 
Diethard: Threatening you? 
Oh, no. 
I'm simply asking you to continue working as a member of the Black Knights as you have been. 
Ohgi: What do you mean by that? 
Diethard: Look, I'm only saying that I don't want you to be any trouble to Zero. 
That's all. 
Ohgi: Why? 
There are plenty of people who can replace me. 
Diethard: You're valuable for the simple reason that you're a man of ordinary character. 
Ohgi: Huh? 
Diethard: Organizations need more than brilliant leadership and star players in order to succeed. 
Suzaku: I need to know. 
Did you use your Geass power on Euphie? 
Be honest. 
Lelouch: Yes. 
Suzaku: You caused her to massacre the Japanese? 
Lelouch: I ordered her to do it. 
Suzaku: Why would you use your Geass like that? 
Answer me! 
Lelouch: To motivate the Japanese people. 
If the specially administrated zone of Japan had been established, the Black Knights would've collapsed. 
Suzaku: And Shirley's death? 
Lelouch: Also my fault. 
Suzaku: You aren't even a human. 
You know that? 
Shirley and Euphie were both of them nothing more than pawns for your ambitions? 
Lelouch: Yes, that's right. 
So all the sin is mine alone to shoulder. 
My little sister had nothing to do with it. 
Suzaku: Why, you coward! 
How could you use Nunnally like that? 
Lelouch: Suzaku, I'm sorry. 
Nunnally: And he always played Santa Claus for me. 
Big brother would dress up like him and even stuff pillows under his shirt. 
Kallen: The face of the kind older brother and the mask of Zero... 
Which is the real Lelouch? 
Gino: Huh? 
He isn't here either? 
By any chance, have you seen Suzaku? 
Kallen: No, I doubt he'd come here. 
Xingke: Send Hong's unit into the right wing and get ready for the second charge. 
Bismarck: You're the commander, are you not, sir? 
Xingke: Came to crash the head of the snake, have you? 
It's a basic tactic. 
Bismarck: Behold Excalibur! 
The holy sword bestowed upon me by His Majesty himself. 
Lelouch: For the first time in my life, I'm bowing down to another person. 
Shame and honor mean nothing to me. 
All I want is this, my Geass be damned! 
Just please. 
You have to save Nunnally. 
I beg of...

Suzaku: After everything you've done, you really think this is efficient? 
You believe that some bowing and begging is enough to get me to forgive you? 
Lelouch: No, of course I don't. 
But it's all I've got. 
I have nothing else left to offer. 
And you're the only person in the world who could save my sister now. 
Suzaku: So you believe that I'll just ignore the past and forgive you? 
That everyone is going to forgive you? 
The people you've tricked. 
The people who died thanks to you. 
And what about Euphie? 
You wanna apologize? 
Then bring Euphie back to life. 
Right now! 
I wanna see you save the world with all your malice. 
Right now! 
You're Zero, the miracle worker, aren't you? 
Lelouch: I've performed no miracles. 
It's all been calculation and stage production. 
The mask they call Zero is a symbol. 
Just the device so let's me tell lies. 
Suzaku: A device? 
You really expect me to buy that excuse, do you? 
If you are going to tell a lie, then keep it up to the very end. 
Lelouch: I can't go back to the past. 
It's not a choice. 
You know I can't undo that's already been done! 
Suzaku: Lelouch, you will answer me! 
Why did you use your Geass on me to make me wanna live? 
Why! 
Suzaku: The Geass you used on me that drives me to live has corrupted my convictions. 
Why would you put such a curse on me? 
Lelouch: I only did it because I wanted to survive. 
Suzaku: Then why did you save me when I was accursed Princess Clovis's murder? 
Lelouch: I wanted to make the Japanese trust me. 
That's all. 
Suzaku: Why did you save the student council members from the hotel jacking? 
Lelouch: Because I thought it presented ideal opportunity for the Black Knight's debut. 
Suzaku: The look in his eyes. 
I know that look. 
The look of torment that comes from bottling up a lie. 
That's why I joined the Britannian army. 
For redemption. 
So that the tragedy wouldn't repeat itself. 
You're lying, aren't you? 
Lelouch, there's only one way to redeem yourself for those lies. 
Turn your false fits into the truth. 
Lelouch: Huh? 
Suzaku: You told the world a lie when you proclaim that you're a knight for justice. 
Why don't you live up to that lie by trying to become a true knight of justice? 
Then you'll have to keep the lie going to the very end. 
Lelouch: But how? 
How could I do that? 
Suzaku: By putting an end to this war. 
You are Zero. 
This job, only Zero can do it. 
It's within your power, bring peace and happiness to the world. 
If you do that, I'll save Nunnally. 
Lelouch: You will? 
You'll save her? 
Suzaku: But we'll work together. 
One more time for her sake. 
Lelouch: I'm grateful. 
The two of us together, we can accomplish anything. 
Suzaku: What the...? 
Soldier: Hold it right there, Zero! 
Edgar: We've already uncovered your true identity. 
Soldier: Are you all right, Sir Kururugi? 
Soldier: Please step back. 
Lelouch: Suzaku. 
You set me up from the start! 
Suzaku: No, wait. 
Kanon: You've done a great deed here, Sir Kururugi. 
Excellent work. 
You've managed to bring this war to an end. 
Lelouch: I see. 
You planned to sell me out again. 
You betrayed me, Suzaku. 
You betrayed me! 
Gino: It's because Suzaku has been acting so weird lately. 
I thought this might help to take his mind off things for a while. 
Kallen: This was in the student council room? 
Gino: Yeah. 
I found it hidden deep in a locker like it was something valuable. 
There are a few photos missing here and there, though. 
Ones of you, too. 
But I suppose he couldn't leave evidence that shows him palling around with a terrorist. 
Yet, everyone appears... well...

Kallen: That's right. 
He...

Gino: He can look like that, too. 
Huh? 
Kallen: Huh? 
Gino: I've never seen Suzaku smile like that. 
He's so happy. 
Kallen: Good for him. 
Gino: Hey, look. 
Kallen: What? 
Gino: I understand that you're a Britannian-Eleven half-breed, right? 
If you chose the name Stadtfeld instead of Kouzuki, you could very well have a good life, couldn't you? 
Even become one of the Knights of the Round if you have such ambitions. 
Kallen: Is this going somewhere? 
Gino: What I mean is wouldn't you like to come back over to our side, Kallen? 
Soldier: Sir Bradley, please stop! 
Luciano: Oh, backup. 
You've taken so many hits, you're only going to crash anyway. 
So in light of that, I, Luciano will use your plight to our advantage. 
And settle this in one blow. 
Xianglin: He's using one of his own ships as a weapon? 
Fall back at full speed while firing! 
Soldier: It's no use. 
We never make it! 
Bismarck: Where do you think you're going? 
Ah, you show skill. 
Xingke: Good. 
From this position! 
Bismarck: Nicely done. 
Good form. 
You parried my sword thrust and swiftly attacked in the followed through. 
You the one named Xingke. 
The rumors of your prowess are evidentially true. 
Minase: General commander Xingke appears to be wounded. 
Da Long Dan, withdrawing. 
Chief staff Zhou Xianglin now assuming operational command. 
Tohdoh: Zero, what's taking so long? 
Guilford: I can't believe Zero's identity is that of a student. 
Lelouch: Guilford! 
Schneizel: How sad. 
Zero, killer of royalty. 
It's tragic that it would turn out to be you, my own younger brother. 
Lelouch: Your brother...

Schneizel: However Lelouch, I'm willing to intercede with His Majesty on your behalf. 
You realize of course that you can't simply be excused for the crimes you've committed but your life may yet be spared. 
Lelouch: So you think you can take pity on me! 
Suzaku: You mean...

Kanon: Yes. 
This was all done under orders from Prince Schneizel. 
He figured that following you will ultimately lead us to Zero. 
You see? 
His Highness was well aware of the fact that you and Zero shared an unusual relationship. 
Schneizel: Lelouch, even now I do still consider myself your brother. 
I carry no grudge. 
Can you believe me when I say this? 
Lelouch: And why should I? 
Schneizel: You should trust your brother. 
Lelouch: I would love to be able to, brother. 
Unfortunately I'm done with trusting anyone or anything. 
Because friendship only leads to betrayal. 
Lelouch: Lord Guilford. 
Guilford: Identify yourself! 
You're not Orange...

Lelouch: Wait. 
I just have a request to ask of you. 
Guilford: Yes, all right, then. 
What is it you want me to do for you? 
Lelouch: Oh, it's quite simple, really. 
Whenever you see me assume this pose, you will recognize and acknowledge me as Princess Cornelia. 
And then...

Guilford: Princess Cornelia, is that you? 
Cornelia: Guilford, my knight. 
It is I. 
You must rescue me! 
Guilford: Yes, Your Highness! 
Lelouch: Very good, Guilford. 
I'm pleased that you noticed it. 
Claudio: Stop it, Lord Guilford. 
What are you doing? 
Guilford: Have you gone mad? 
How dare you hold your captive like that? 
Schneizel: Even Lord Guilford has been affected. 
Now I suppose I have no choice but believe in his power. 
Guilford: Princess, we need to withdraw for now. 
Suzaku: Lelouch, no! 
Lelouch: I bid you farewell. 
My first and last friend. 
Suzaku: Lelouch, come back! 
Cecile: Lloyd, I can't believe it. 
Lord Guilford has turned into a traitor. 
Nina: Is it true? 
We're just standing by? 
Lloyd: Prince Schneizel ordered us to so we are complying. 
Nina: I had heard that Zero made an appearance but...

Cecile: We haven't been told anything yet. 
But something critical was disclosed is my suspicion. 
Suzaku: I need to know. 
Did you use your Geass power on Euphie? 
Be honest. 
Schneizel: Sir Kururugi, would you happen to know the reason why Lord Guilford would suddenly betray us like this? 
As well as why you behave the way you did on Kamine island that time? 
Suzaku: Shouldn't we be pursuing Zero right now, sir? 
Kanon: There's some important information we need before we can pursue him. 
Information that only you know, sir Kururugi. 
Soldier: Wired C response, confirmed. 
Soldier: Synchronization, achieved. 
Soldier: Ragnarok backup, reinitializing. 
Lelouch: Guilford, we'll proceed on course to the Tokyo settlement. 
Guilford: Yes, Your Highness. 
Schneizel: Suzaku Kururugi, who are you? 
A Japanese? 
An honorary Britannian? 
A Knight of Seven? 
Or are you the son of prime minister? 
The son of Genbu Kururugi? 
Lelouch's friend? 
Euphemia's knight? 
Unless you tell us right now what we need to know they're going to be more unnecessary casualties and destructions before it's over. 
Just how long... How long will you allow this sad chain of events to continue? 
Soldier: Don't worry. 
The modifications to the settlement's structure are complete. 
Zero won't be able to collapse it the way he did before. 
Soldier: We have word. 
It's Zero. 
Soldier: So, the fool has come. 
Soldier: Prepare to attack! 
You're free to shoot down the Vincent as well. 
Lelouch: Don't assume that I was portraying the role of a student in the settlement without reason. 
Tokyo settlement, I'll bring you to a halt right now! 
Soldier: Fire! 
Soldier: What? 
Soldier: My, my energy filler... 
Soldier: A Gefjun Disturber? 
Milly: And so that situation will lead us to the... 
Sorry, viewers, but it seems the power's gone out here in the studio. 
Are we still broadcasting? 
Lelouch: All tasks at hand have been cleared. 
Tohdoh! 
Tohdoh: Acknowledged! 
Now commencing Seventh Operation! 
Minami: Raise the Ikaruga! 
Hinata: Ikaruga surfacing! 
Minase: All fleet units, surface at will. 
Diethard: Ohgi, right now, you realize...

Tohdoh: Yes, I'm aware! 
Tohdoh: The main fleet will stay on course through Tokyo Bay, break through into the Tokyo settlement and rendezvous with Zero! 
Soldier: All hands, battle stations! 
Tamaki: All right, let's do this! 
Asahina: This battle...

Chiba: ... will be ours! 
Jeremiah: Now I shall prove my royalty for Prince Lelouch and Princess Nunnally! 
Bismarck: What? 
The Black Knights are in Tokyo Bay? 
Luciano: Lord Waldstein, I request that you dispatch me and my Savage Valkyrie squadron. 
Bismarck: You mean, to the Tokyo settlement? 
Do you really want to burnish your record that badly? 
Luciano: No. 
I merely take uncommon pleasure in destroying them. 
Lelouch: Rolo, how are things on your end? 
Rolo: Fine. 
We're beginning the operation right now. 
We'll make our way to Nunnally first thing. 
Lelouch: Good. 
I'm counting on you, Rolo. 
That's right. 
I was grossly mistaken. 
I was wrong to think that I could depend on sympathy. 
Cold and callous, that's the prescription. 
Unless I keep myself perfectly in this frame of mind, I won't be able to take Nunnally back! 
Schneizel: Lelouch, I thought something strange have been going on ever since our brother Clovis was killed. 
How'll I understand? 
I understand everything. 
But now... 
I'm the one who controlling the game. 
Kanon: That's right, Suzaku. 
If you had only informed Prince Schneizel from the very start, we could've avoided this battle. 
Being that you're one of the Knights of the Round, you won't be subjected disciplinary action. 
However, you'll have to answer to the sins of your own heart. 
Suzaku: What should I do? 
Kanon: Be realistic. 
The world won't become a kinder place only for you. 
Suzaku: Do I have to pilot it? 
The Lancelot armed with the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
device? 
Will I have to use it? 
On Lelouch? 
Lelouch Acting at the request of the United Federation of Nations resolution number one for the liberation of Japan, the Black Knights sent a landing force into the Britannian Empire colony known as Area 11. 
Targeting the troops commanded by Bismarck Waldstein, the Knight of One encamped on the Kyushu coast, the main force struck, led by general commander Li Xingke. 
Using this as a diversion, the separate detachment of Black Knights staged a lethal assault on the Tokyo settlement. 
But Schneizel, prince of Britannia, was waiting for them with a secret weapon of mass destruction called F.L.E.I.J.A. 
At that moment, to Zero and the Black Knights, the very existence of this weapon was unknown. 
----------- [OP]

Lelouch: New orders, Black Knights Ikaruga fleet. 
Gefjun Disturbers have immobilized all utilities, communications and pre-fifth generation Knightmares throughout the Tokyo settlement. 
The enemy's military might has been cut in half. 
Hit all major facilities and eliminate their ability to strike back. 
We must achieve these goals before the main forces under Schneizel's command arrive here. 
By establishing our defense line, we'll isolate the government bureau. 
If we can seize viceroy Nunnally, then victory will be ours. 
Lohmeyer: Viceroy Nunnally, it's Zero. 
Zero is leading an assault. 
Nunnally: Zero. 
Kallen: Zero's on his way? 
Gino: Look at that smile. 
And that's more like the real you, Kallen? 
It's too bad. 
Your wish won't come true. 
Because I and my Tristan fight for Britannia. 
Schneizel: Our first priority is to eliminate the Gefjun Disturbers along the railway circular routes. 
Can't we dispatch the Lancelot for that? 
Kanon: That'll depend upon the current state of Sir Kururugi's mind set. 
Schneizel: The battle field's not a place for him to work at self-esteem issues. 
Cecile: Nina, you don't know what you're doing. 
Nina: If we don't act, Zero will capture the Tokyo settlement. 
Lloyd: But you're not a Devicer. 
You may have designed the system but you have no battle skills. 
Nina: With the F.C.C., I can at least defend the government bureau. 
Suzaku: But are you prepared to actually fire the F.L.E.I.J.A.? 
And more importantly, are you prepared to not fire? 
Lelouch: Tohdoh, have Asahina and Chiba establish air supremacy. 
Tohdoh: Roger. 
Lelouch: That should cover everything except their newer Knightmares 6th generation and above. 
Rolo, how is your infiltration proceeding? 
Rolo: Sayoko and her group have gone on ahead of us. 
We'll rendezvous with them shortly. 
It's all arranged. 
Lelouch: Good. 
Be sure you take Nunnally alive. 
So, you've come, Suzaku. 
Suzaku: I'm the only one who can make Lelouch, make Zero atone for what he's done. 
Listen up, Zero. 
Call off your attack. 
This unit is equipped with the high-yield tactical warhead. 
If I unleash it, it will inflict catastrophic damage beyond all known limits. 
Lelouch: As if I believe anything that you'd say. 
Jeremiah! 
Jeremiah: Yes, Your Majesty! 
Suzaku: Lord Jeremiah, is that you? 
Why? 
Jeremiah: Suzaku Kururugi. 
I owe you a debt. 
I sympathize with you. 
I respect you. 
However in this situation, loyalty trumps all! 
Suzaku: The Siegfried's! 
Jeremiah: Take this! 
The storm of my loyalty! 
Suzaku: You picked up bad time for piety, now! 
Yusk: The Sutherland Sieg seems to be effective. 
Rakshata: Yes, but... We can never mass-produce a one-off unit that uses the Siegfried's system. 
That's understood, right? 
What I'd really like to know is why Jeremiah is on our side now. 
He's not just some knight, you know? 
That also goes for the man once called the Spearhead of the Empire. 
Guilford: What's going on? 
Why am I fighting against royal Britannian forces? 
Lelouch: Guilford! 
Assist Jeremiah. 
Slay Suzaku Kururugi! 
Jeremiah: But Princess, Kururugi is...

Cornelia: There's no time to explain. 
It's urgent. 
You must trust me and kill Kururugi. 
Suzaku: Lord Jeremiah, the reason I'm here is to put an end to this battle. 
Jeremiah: Are you saying you can do it? 
Are you able to dissipate my Lord's torment? 
Suzaku: But it shouldn't involve the people! 
Suzaku: Lord Guilford, too? 
Guilford: Kururugi, we each serve our royal Lords. 
It's not personal. 
Nina: Suzaku, fire the F.L.E.I.J.A.! 
You should kill Zero now! 
Suzaku: I'm sorry, Nina. 
I won't unleash it. 
But I swear I will stop Zero. 
Lelouch: Excellent. 
Once Suzaku's finished off, there'll be nothing left to stop me from taking back Nunnally. 
Gino: No one can defeat a Knight of the Round. 
No one! 
Suzaku: Gino, thank you. 
Gino: Can't you look a bit happier when someone saved your life? 
Lord Jeremiah...

Gino: So what they said about Orange was true, huh? 
Jeremiah: Orange, you say. 
That is the name of my loyalty. 
Lelouch: This onslaught. 
It's all from Schneizel. 
Did he anticipate my moves? 
That's right. 
I'll be rendezvousing with you little later than I expected. 
Rolo: Yes, I understand. 
We have just cleared all interferences up to the 13th floor. 
Don't worry. 
I promise I'll find Nunnally. 
Lelouch: Right. 
I'm counting on you. 
And once you bring back Nunnally, I'll have no further need for you, Rolo. 
Rolo: Big brother. 
I promised you I'd find Nunnally and I will. 
And when I do, I'll kill her with my own hands. 
I'm the only family you need. 
Sayoko: Master Rolo. 
Emergency report from group 2 moving toward the hangers. 
They say that they've sighted priority item 3. 
Nunnally: I won't. 
I refuse to flee this way. 
Lohmeyer: The prime minister has personally ordered it. 
Nunnally: My brother Schneizel? 
Lohmeyer: The others cannot leave you behind. 
So if you stay, all must stay and die. 
David: You're no match for my Gareth! 
Chiba: Keep dreaming. 
We've got full air superiority. 
David: We want you! 
Chiba: Oh, no. 
Tohdoh... 
I owe you deeply, Asahina. 
Asahina: You've got future plans in the works, right? 
Chiba: So what's our next move? 
Zero ordered us not to attack the bureau itself until Viceroy Nunnally has been captured alive. 
Asahina: Zero, huh? 
Kallen: They're all... 
They're all fighting while I'm...

Edgar: We'll defend it. 
No matter what. 
Lord Guilford has lost his sanity. 
But so long as we Glaston Knights still perform with courage and xxx we uphold Princess Cornelia's honor! 
Suzaku: Answer me, Zero! 
If you started this battle because of me, then let me explain. 
Lelouch: Filled with conceit as ever. 
You betrayed your father and all Japan. 
'course you betray your friends, too. 
That's who you are. 
What's this? 
Suzaku: Anya? 
Wait! 
Gino: Suzaku, leave Zero to Anya. 
Anya: Which one do you think is stronger? 
Your shield or my Stark Hadron Canon? 
Lelouch: Even this shield, can't withstand this for very long. 
Hinaga: Contact lost with the Shinkiro! 
Tohdoh: Zero? 
Hinata: Apparently he's engaging a combat with the Knight of Six! 
Minase: What are your orders for Hashimoto? 
Futaba: And we also have to defend Kujuukuri. 
Tohdoh: Well, I, ah...

Minami: Patch Hashimoto over here to me. 
Tohdoh: Sugiyama, do we have any units we can send to help Zero. 
Sugiyama: Ah... just Tamaki. 
Lohmeyer: Yes. 
Viceroy Nunnally is being put aboard the escape craft. 
But until the Gefjun Disturbers have all been deactivated. 
Right. 
We can't use a Knightmare without being targeted by the enemy. 
Yes. 
Understood. 
Who's going to execute Kallen Kouzuki? 
Soldier: Sir Georg. 
But are you sure about this? 
Viceroy Nunnally didn't...

Lohmeyer: It's for her own good. 
Despite a feeble attempts to assert herself. 
Kallen: Sayoko! 
Sayoko: You're looking well. 
Master Rolo has gone on to secure Miss Nunnally. 
We came to give you a present, Miss Kallen. 
It should fit. 
I think Miss Milly's former fiance was behind the changes. 
There seems to be a draft instruction manual with it. 
Shall we try to get it working? 
Kallen: It's different, somehow...

Tohdoh: We can't stretch our battle lines any further. 
We're already at the breaking point now. 
Soldier: All Gefjun Disturbers in Ikebukuro and Sugamo have been destroyed. 
Kanon: Now we can reinforce our lines with fifth generation Knightmares and older. 
We are also bringing the government bureau's defense system back on line. 
Schneizel: The momentum has shifted in our favor. 
Chiba: The lights! 
Asahina: We are out of time! 
Asahina: Kinoshita, haven't you found the viceroy, yet? 
Kinoshita: Commanders have freed Captain Kouzuki. 
But...

Asahina: Kinoshita! 
Asahina: Hey, are you okay? 
Kinoshita: I sent the data on Zero from my system... That's all I could do...

Tamaki: What the hell! 
I can't find him! 
Where's this battle Zero is fighting? 
He's my best bud! 
Anya: Just a little more. 
Again... Something is...

Lelouch: The Mordred just...

Luciano: Zero, face it. 
Your Black Rebellion is doomed to fail. 
Lelouch: He sent another Knight of the Round? 
Luciano: Here's a question. 
What do people value most? 
Answer: their lives. 
Of course. 
----------- [Eyecatch]

Kallen: The basic system is the same? 
Sayoko: We're still trying to determine Master Zero's current position. 
Shall I transfer the I.F.F. 
data? 
Kallen: Yes, please. 
Sayoko: Let's see. 
Guren S.E.I.T.E.N. 
Eight. 
It could be...

Kallen: Confirm activation. 
Sayoko: Activation, confirmed. 
You're good to go. 
Once the Guren is launched, we'll return to our mission. 
Kallen: Right. 
You take care of the viceroy. 
I'll have Zero. 
Sayoko: Agreed. 
Well then. 
Kallen: Guren S.E.I.T.E.N. 
Eight Elements

Sayoko: Launching! 
Kallen: Now launch! 
David: What the...? 
Father, I let you down. 
Forgive me. 
Edgar: David! 
Chiba: Is that Kouzuki? 
But that unit she's flying...

Lelouch: At this rate...

Luciano: This shield's the only good thing about your Knightmare. 
Valkyrie squadron, don't let him go. 
No matter what. 
Valkyrie squadron: Yes, My Lord! 
Lelouch: I'm in trouble! 
I used too much energy with the Mordred! 
Futaba: Zero, do you read me, Zero?! 
Lelouch: Where are my reinforcements? 
Futaba: Tamaki will be there soon! 
But we've picked out a fleet over the Pacific! 
Lelouch: What about it? 
Tohdoh: Zero, it's me. 
It seems to be the Britannian emperor's flagship! 
Lelouch: What? 
He's coming to Area 11 as well? 
Schneizel: No, His Majesty is not coming to the battlefield. 
Kanon: What makes you so certain of that? 
Schneizel: Do you think he cares about his mundane things, the day we call today? 
He doesn't. 
Tamaki: Let Zero go! 
Or you'll have to deal with me, Shinichiro Tamaki, his best bud... 
Damn it! 
This always happens to me! 
Lelouch: Yes, now's my chance! 
Luciano: Just what I was waiting for, Zero. 
To go to attack mode, to drop your shield. 
Now I will take what you value most and blow it away! 
Lelouch: In this position I can't... Nunnally! 
Valkyrie squadron: Huh? 
They got me? 
Valkyrie squadron: Kewell! 
Kallen: Be careful what you wish for, Vampire of Britannia. 
Luciano: Really? 
Lelouch: Is that Kallen? 
Kallen: Zero, I'm here. 
Your elite guard Kallen Kouzuki is back on the battle line! 
Lloyd: You thieves! 
That's mine! 
All mine! 
Cecile: Oh, not quite. 
I did some of the upgrades, remember? 
Lloyd: Oh, right. 
It's actually collaboration... What am I talking about? 
With a capable Devicer, even its 60% output that unit can cut the other Knightmares to ribbons. 
Rakshata: That's the Earl of Pudding's work and Cecile's energy wings. 
How dare they? 
Altering my Guren without my permission! 
Ohgi: Still, now that we've got Kallen back in the combat zone. 
Tohdoh: It will even up the battle! 
Soldier: Sir Bradley, you have permission to destroy the Guren. 
Luciano: Irrelevant! 
Killing is all one should do on the battlefield. 
Luciano: Eleven. 
Do you know the prime truth of the battlefield? 
Kill a man off the field, then you're a criminal. 
But killing 'em all on it and you're a big hero. 
Kallen: So, the Vampire of Britannia wants to be a hero now. 
Is that it? 
Luciano: No, not at all. 
War allows me to officially take what people value most. 
Their lives! 
Kallen: Some knight. 
You're barely a scoundrel! 
Luciano: And now...

Kallen: And now what? 
That's not gonna work. 
Luciano: Ah, but now I've got you in close range. 
What? 
Kallen: Question. 
What do you value the most? 
Your own pitiful life? 
Luciano: You think an Eleven can threaten me? 
Kallen: Send a postcard. 
Luciano: My life! 
My life is taken by a lowly Eleven? 
Lelouch: Good work, Kallen. 
Now get back to the government bureau and get Nunnally! 
Suzaku: I won't let you! 
Guilford: Suzaku Kururugi! 
Gino: Easy now. 
Suzaku: Kallen, stand aside! 
Kallen: Forget it, Suzaku! 
Suzaku: No, deflected? 
The hadron blaster? 
Gino: Kallen, so in the end you chose the name Kouzuki over Stadtfeld. 
Kallen: That's right. 
Which means you and I do battle once again. 
So should I be happy or sad about that, Gino? 
Gino: What if we just enjoy? 
Gino: Suzaku, let me settle things with Kallen, okay? 
Kallen: You won't be easy. 
Suzaku: I'm sorry, Gino. 
This pilot isn't a kind of a pony you can mess around with. 
Minase: Tohdoh's forces have broken through to the enemy's command ship! 
Edgar: Impossible! 
My Gareth! 
Kanon: Raise all the shields in area four. 
Tohdoh: We're just after Schneizel's head. 
Assume Slash and Encircle Formation! 
Asahina: Tohdoh, I'm sending you some testimony that Kinoshita gathered. 
Tohdoh: It's hardly this time! 
Asahina: Listen to and you'll understand. 
We can't trust commander Zero. 
I'm going into the government bureau to capture Rolo. 
Hinata: Explosion detected in section 4-I of the ship! 
Ohgi: Could it be... Chigusa? 
Suzaku: I need to bring this battle into close range. 
Nina: Suzaku, Kallen isn't the one you need to fight! 
It's Zero! 
Soldier: Your escape route is towards the Ikebukuro front. 
Soldier: But there are still Black Knights in your flight pass. 
Wait till we've mopped them up before you launch. 
Sayoko: Master Zero, we found the viceroy. 
Lelouch: I see. 
Excellent work. 
Sayoko: Master Rolo will escort us out of here as soon as he steals the Knightmare. 
He'll have it in a moment. 
Lelouch: Understood. 
Victory is within our reach. 
Kallen! 
Finish off Suzaku now. 
He's the only thing standing in our way. 
Kallen: Right! 
Lloyd: Get out of there, Suzaku. 
Cecile: You can't beat that Guren. 
Suzaku: But, Zero...! 
Lloyd: Oh. 
Cecile: So xxx. 
Suzaku: It's... 
It's too great. 
The difference in unit performance. 
Kanon: At this rate, we're going to lose Sir Kururugi as well as Sir Bradley. 
Nina: Fire, Suzaku! 
Use the F.L.E.I.J.A.! 
Suzaku: No, Nina. 
Power is in the threat. 
If we actually use it... 
I can't win...

Kallen: Good bye, Suzaku. 
Sayoko: Miss Nunnally! 
Lelouch: Kill Suzaku! 
Do it! 
Nina: Unleash the F.L.E.I.J.A.! 
You can still save yourself! 
Suzaku: But, if I do that...! 
Even if it costs me my life...! 
That's right. 
This is redemption. 
I have to accept it. 
This is where I'm going to... to...

Lelouch: Live! 
Suzaku: I... must... live! 
Edgar: Is this... 
F.L.E.I.J.A.? 
Soldier: Fall back! 
All units, retreat! 
Chiba: Why are the Britannians running? 
We have to retreat, too. 
Asahina, are you reading me? 
Get out of the government bureau! 
Asahina! 
Minami: Something's wrong. 
Pull the Ikaruga back at maximum speed! 
Soldier: You in the Sutherland, what are you doing? 
They've fired the F.L.E.I.J.A.! 
Rolo: Fired a F.L.E.I.J.A.? 
Lelouch: Could that be the weapon Suzaku was talking about? 
Nunnally! 
Asahina: General Tohdoh, I tried to warn you. 
Lohmeyer: Why did they use the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
here? 
Guilford: Princess, save yourself! 
Princess! 
Princess, you must live! 
Please live! 
Lelouch: Rolo. 
Rolo: Yes, big brother? 
Lelouch: Could you please let me speak with Nunnally. 
Rolo: Ah, well...

Lelouch: I can't reach Sayoko. 
Rolo: Listen, big brother. 
We weren't in time. 
Nunnally was caught in that flash of light. 
Lelouch: I'm not asking you about anything like that now. 
I just wanna talk to Nunnally. 
That's all. 
Rolo: But Nunnally is dead. 
She's dead, big brother. 
Lelouch: Don't lie to me! 
Please, Rolo. 
Could you just for a moment, please... Let me speak with Nunnally...

----------- [ED]
  
Monica: There was a giant explosion in the Tokyo settlement. 
It appears that a F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warhead caused it. 
Your Majesty, should we remain here at Kamine island? 
Charles: Enough. 
Let Schneizel handle mundane affairs. 
Soldier: At least ten million inhabitants are believed dead from initial impact with the blast. 
Soldier: Secondary damages might have caused twenty-five million more casualties. 
All rescue facilities were wiped out, so we can not care for any of the wounded. 
Soldier: The Tokyo settlement is no more...

Nina: No... How could this have happened... 
Zero... 
Zero...

Suzaku: I did it? 
I did this? 
Gino: The school was outside the blast radius but... 
This is gone beyond war. 
Tohdoh: If they use this weapon again, the Black Knights will be completely wiped out. 
Lelouch: Tohdoh, it's me. 
Tohdoh: Zero, we can't remain...

Lelouch: Have all forces land in Tokyo settlement. 
Search for Nunnally. 
Tohdoh: Wait a minute! 
We've lost Asahina. 
And we have massive casualties. 
Lelouch: Do you think I care about that? 
Find Nunnally now! 
That's an order! 
All forces, search for Nunnally! 
Tohdoh: What's happened to Zero? 
Ohgi: The fugitive is on the portside runway, right? 
Futaba: Wait. 
We need to reorganize our forces first. 
Ohgi: Understood. 
I'll be back there in a minute. 
Villetta: Ohgi! 
Ohgi: Chigusa. 
Diethard: That's far enough, Miss Fugitive. 
Cornelia?! 
I thought it was Villetta who'd escaped. 
Cornelia: So it's you. 
Newsman in turned coat. 
Diethard: Is Zero behind this? 
Secretly holding the princess as a captive? 
He should've shown a little more trust in me. 
Aim for her legs. 
I wanna take her alive, men. 
Soldier: Yes, sir! 
Soldier: Attention. 
We are carrying a Britannian special envoy on a urgent diplomatic mission. 
We have no hostile intentions. 
Diethard: Diplomatic mission? 
Minase, was that craft cleared to land here through official channels? 
Cornelia: Schneizel! 
Diethard: Impossible! 
Why would he step right into the midst of his mortal enemies? 
Lelouch: Tohdoh, I told you to find Nunnally! 
Now deploy the search teams! 
Kallen, do you hear me? 
Rolo! 
Jeremiah! 
Nunnally has to be alive! 
Find her! 
Find Nunnally! 
Tohdoh: Attention, all forces! 
Fall back to Makuhari, and reform our battle line. 
All forces, fall back now. 
Lelouch: Tohdoh, I told you to search for Nunnally! 
Rolo: As long as my brother is safe...

Jeremiah: ...then we will have another chance. 
Xingke: Why have they called temporary cease-fire? 
What are the Britannian up to? 
Why did Bismarck withdraw? 
Xianglin: We're trying to find that out. 
But they don't seem to be preparing a new attack. 
And there's a cease-fire in Tokyo as well. 
Xingke: Did Zero order it? 
C.C: Master, you're back. 
Rolo: Hang in there, big brother. 
Lelouch: Nunnally...

Rolo: Big brother, I'm here for you. 
We've been doing fine with just the two of us, haven't we? 
Jeremiah? 
Please give my brother some time right now. 
You can talk to him later. 
Yeah, right. 
It may not mean much of anything. 
After all I'm here with him. 
Lelouch: What are you doing with this? 
It's Nunnally's! 
I wanted to give this locket to Nunnally, not to you! 
To Nunnally! 
Do you think you could ever replace Nunnally in my heart? 
You're an imposter! 
Haven't you figured it out yet? 
I hate you! 
I loathe you! 
I despise you! 
I've been trying to kill you but I just keep missing the chance! 
Rolo: Big... brother...

Lelouch: Get out of here! 
I never wanna see your face again! 
I said get out! 
Nina: I didn't understand what this kind of destruction really means. 
It was all just Numbers but now...

Lloyd: You need to make a choice, Nina. 
Do you abandon science to preserve your heart? 
Or abandon your heart and sacrifice yourself to science. 
Nina: How can I do either? 
Did you make such a choice, professor Lloyd? 
Lloyd: I didn't have to. 
I'm a sociopath. 
I was born with an abandoned heart. 
Nina: But I'm the one who build the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warhead... All those people's lives are gone... 
I killed them... all of them...

Chiba: It's no use. 
There's no answer. 
Diethard: We don't have any choice then. 
We'll have to meet Prince Schneizel without Zero. 
Rakshata: But Zero's our leader after all. 
Should we be making decisions without him? 
Asahina: It was a massacre! 
They killed everyone including women and children. 
Kinoshita said it was Zero's orders. 
Chiba: Diethard. 
What didn't you take Schneizel captive? 
We could've avenged Asahina. 
He only has one Knightmare guarding him. 
Diethard: Because they came equipped with a massive F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warhead. 
Chiba: F.L.E.I.J.A.? 
Diethard: Like the one that just destroyed the Tokyo settlement. 
It's a new weapon. 
If they unleash it, it will kill us and Zero in a heartbeat. 
Tohdoh: We don't know what Schneizel's objective is here. 
So our best option is to meet with him and find out. 
Rakshata: I think I'll pass. 
I wanna system check my Guren now that it's back. 
Tohdoh: Then the negotiators will be myself, Chiba, Diethard as well as...

Tamaki: Forget it. 
I can't find Ohgi anywhere. 
Damn it. 
Where'd that fool go, huh? 
Minami: Kallen! 
Sugiyama: Thank goodness. 
You're back in one piece. 
Kallen: Sorry to worry you. 
I'm okay. 
Where's Zero? 
Minami: I heard he is in his quarters. 
Sugiyama: There's a rumor that he was wounded. 
Jeremiah: Lady Nunnally, I pray you're still alive. 
Fervently. 
Cornelia: That's all. 
Everything I saw and heard at the Order. 
Schneizel: Thank you, Cornelia. 
With this information I can...

Diethard: Sorry to keep you waiting. 
Tamaki: Yeah, sorry. 
We've had our hands full with that ten million dead people you slaughtered. 
Diethard: Tamaki, we discussed this already. 
You can't be here for this. 
Tamaki: Why not? 
I'm the Black Knight's interior custodian minister. 
So I can sit in for my bud Ohgi infilling him later. 
Diethard: You're the only one who has that impression. 
Schneizel: No. 
Please. 
I'd like for him to join this as well. 
Diethard: Huh? 
Schneizel: Shinichiro Tamaki. 
A Zero's oldest comrade. 
You're the brave veteran of many historic battles. 
Tamaki: You all know about me, huh? 
Diethard: Tamaki, please. 
Jeremiah: You rescued me a long time ago, didn't you? 
Very gracious. 
I came here to thank you for that honorable act. 
Indeed. 
You and I share rather odd connection, don't you think? 
I suppose it's fate that we became enemies in the end. 
I'll take my leave now, sir. 
I must search for Lady Nunnally. 
Suzaku: Nunnally's dead. 
She's gone. 
Announcement: Survivors are directed to register in order. 
Along with your ID number, give your name, age, address and blood type. 
If you require medical attention, please go to the medical information desk and take a number. 
To minimize disorder, please calmly...

Milly: Rivalz. 
Rivalz: Oh prez, just tell me you're alive. 
Milly: Yes, I am. 
I'm alive. 
Rivalz: Thank goodness. 
Milly: You can say that again. 
Schneizel: Now that I think about it, I never finish my match with Zero, did I? 
Diethard: Zero won't be attending. 
Not until we have the details of the proposal. 
Schneizel: Of course. 
I didn't expect him to show. 
He's not the type who consults with others. 
No, he keeps things to himself and holds people at a distance. 
Diethard: That's strange. 
You talk about him as if you know him intimately. 
Schneizel: More than any of you do. 
Zero is our younger brother. 
Cornelia's and my own. 
Tamaki: What are you saying? 
Schneizel: He is the former 11th royal prince of the Holy Britannian Empire: Lelouch vi Britannia. 
The man whom I both loved and feared more than any other. 
Tohdoh: Impossible. 
Tamaki: You're telling us that Zero's a Britannian prince? 
Cornelia: Diethard, please. 
In all this time, you never figure that out? 
Even with all the information you were getting from Jeremiah and Villetta? 
Diethard: You're wasting your time. 
You can't cause chaos here by spreading these irrelevant stories. 
It's not Zero's lineage that matters but rather his efforts and the miracles that he's performed for us. 
Schneizel: But what if all those miracles he perform were actually tricks. 
Diethard: Tricks? 
Schneizel: Zero possesses a special power. 
It is known as Geass. 
Schneizel: It's the absolute power to compel anyone to obey him. 
You can think of it as extreme hypnosis. 
Tohdoh: You're saying his miracles come from that power? 
Tamaki: Are you trying to dis my man Zero? 
He's got brains and guts and he kicks Britannian butt! 
A prince with Geass power? 
Where is the proof of all this, bul, huh? 
Ohgi: I have the proof. 
Tamaki: Ohgi? 
Chiba: And Villetta? 
Ohgi: What he saying is all true. 
Zero was a former Britannian prince name Lelouch. 
He controls people with his Geass power. 
A con man. 
Zero's been tricking us all along. 
Using us like pawns from the start. 
Tamaki: You don't mean this, Ohgi. 
Chiba: But if that's really true then...

Diethard: Then it doesn't matter. 
It doesn't erase a single thing that he's done for us. 
And if he really does have this Geass power then doesn't that just help us? 
It's another weapon to use in our fight against Britannia. 
Ohgi: Yes, that would make perfect sense if he only used it against our enemies. 
Tamaki: What? 
Chiba: Are you saying he used it on us? 
Cornelia: Of course. 
He used Geass to control his own sister Euphemia. 
He made her slaughter the Elevens in the Special Zone. 
Tamaki: You're lying! 
Zero is a knight for justice. 
He would never do something like...

Schneizel: We have evidence. 
Suzaku: Did you use your Geass power on Euphie? 
Be honest. 
Lelouch: Yes. 
Suzaku: You caused her to massacre the Japanese? 
Lelouch: I ordered her to do it. 
Chiba: Then... that whole blood bath was...

Cornelia: Euphie was just a girl. 
Zero was in control. 
Tohdoh: So Zero slaughtered our people for his own ambitions? 
Tamaki: That recording is fake! 
Kanon: These are people in incidents that we suspect he manipulated with his Geass. 
Tohdoh: Kusakabe... 
Even Major General Katase! 
Chiba: I can't believe it. 
Diethard: Clovis. 
Villetta: He used it on me, too. 
Ohgi: That explains why Gao Hai changed. 
Chiba: And that explains why Jeremiah and the others became traitors. 
Schneizel: His Geass might be controlling even Nina. 
There's no way to be certain about that. 
When you think about it, it's a terrifying prospect. 
Chiba: You mean...? 
Tamaki: We could be...? 
Kanon: There's one more thing. 
We notified Zero about the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warhead before the battle. 
We wanted to avoid using it. 
It's still in the Lancelot's communications record. 
However...

Tohdoh: He never told us anything about that. 
Asahina: We can't trust commander Zero! 
Tohdoh: Asahina...

Ohgi: I wanted to put my trust in Zero. 
I wanted to believe in him. 
But we mean nothing to him. 
We're just pawns. 
Tamaki: Treating us like chumps. 
Damn! 
How could he do this to us? 
Schneizel: Everyone. 
Zero is my brother. 
Will you please hand him over to me for justice? 
Ohgi: On one condition. 
Tamaki: Ohgi! 
Cornelia: You think you're in a position to bargain over this? 
Schneizel: Wait, let's hear it. 
Ohgi: Our Japan. 
Return it. 
We're betraying our comrade. 
So at least we deserve to regain Japan. 
Otherwise I could never forgive myself. 
Rolo: Master, please take off your clothes. 
Lelouch: What? 
Rolo: Are you hurting somewhere? 
If it's someplace you can't reach, I can help. 
Lelouch: That's right. 
It's someplace I can't reach. 
Kallen: Zero. 
Are you there? 
Can I come in? 
It's me. 
Lelouch: Is that Kallen? 
Kallen: Ohgi asked me to bring you to warehouse four. 
Lelouch: Why there? 
Kallen: Sorry, I didn't really get the details. 
Rolo: Master? 
Please take off your clothes. 
I'll do the best I can. 
I promise. 
Kallen: What the hell of you two be doing in here. 
While I've been rotten in a cell, you...

Lelouch: No, you've got it wrong. 
She was... C.C. lost her memory. 
It happened because of me. 
So the C.C. you knew was gone now. 
Erased. 
And it's my fault. 
Kallen: Her mind was erased? 
C.C. 's gone. 
And Nunnally's been killed. 
That means Lelouch is now...

Lelouch: Kallen, it's good you made it back. 
I'm sorry it took so long to get you out. 
Kallen: Lelouch, listen. 
When I was imprisoned I happened to talk to Nunnally. 
She stood up for me, she saved me. 
Lelouch: I see. 
Kallen: Look. 
I'm not sure what to say at a time like this, but when I lost my brother, I...

Tohdoh: Surrender Zero. 
Chiba: How dare you try to run a con game on us. 
Ohgi: We know everything about your Geass power. 
Diethard: Zero, the renowned hero died in battle before he could triumph. 
But his gallant life and daring deeds will continue to live on in myth and legend. 
Lelouch: Is that the script you've written for me, Diethard? 
Diethard: Actually, I wanted film your brilliant campaign and glorious victory over Britannia. 
But I'm afraid that show's been permanently cancelled. 
Lelouch: What do I do? 
Knightmares are beyond my reach but Ohgi and others are defenseless. 
If I can use my Geass secretly...

Minami: Everybody trusted you, Zero. 
Sugiyama: Inoue and Yoshida sacrifice their lives for you. 
Kallen: Wait a minute. 
This is all one-sided. 
Look at how far we've come because of Zero. 
At least let him answer! 
Tamaki: You are in the way, Kallen. 
Sugiyama: Do you wanna die with Zero? 
Minami: Don't tell me he used his Geass on you, too. 
Kallen: I need an answer, Lelouch. 
What do I mean to you? 
I have to know. 
If I could stay with you I would. 
Please. 
Lelouch: Schneizel! 
You made your move and now you're calling check. 
There's no way out of this for me. 
It's over! 
Kallen: Please answer me, Lelouch. 
Lelouch: Fools. 
You finally figured it out. 
That I've been using you all. 
That's right. 
You're all just pawns in my game. 
Ohgi: Zero, so you really are...

Tamaki: Zero! 
Kallen: Lelouch, no...

Lelouch: Kallen. 
You were my most useful piece. 
Much like a well played knight. 
This whole world was the board for the game. 
And all for my entertainment. 
Kallen: I see. 
Goodbye then, Lelouch. 
Tohdoh: Get ready! 
Lelouch: Kallen, you have to live. 
Tohdoh: Fire! 
Rolo: Are you okay, brother? 
Lelouch: Rolo! 
Tohdoh: Never mind! 
Open fire! 
Hit the Shinkiro! 
Kallen: Wait! 
Rolo: Big brother, I'll protect you! 
Lelouch: Stop it, Rolo. 
You've done enough! 
C.C: Oh, my master...

Ohgi: They're gone. 
The Shinkiro...

Kallen: Vanished just like in Babel Tower...

Kanon: Anya, Zero has just escaped. 
Can you capture him with the Mordred? 
Anya: I can only destroy it. 
Rolo: I never knew how hard it was to calculate the Absolute Defense Field. 
My big brother really is incredible, isn't he? 
Lelouch: Rolo, I have no reason to live anymore. 
Anya: How can it move like that? 
Rolo: I won't let them kill you. 
I swear it! 
Lelouch: Using your Geass over such a large area. 
Rolo, it's way too much. 
Your heart can't take that much strain! 
Diethard: Attention all units. 
The Shinkiro has been stolen. 
Search out and destroy the Shinkiro. 
I repeat. 
Destroy the Shinkiro. 
Lelouch: That's enough, Rolo. 
I don't wanna live anymore. 
Rolo: I won't stop brother. 
Because of this! 
Lelouch: Stop doin...

Rolo: All throughout my life, people have used me like a tool. 
Lelouch: ...g this, Rolo! 
Why are you still trying...

Rolo: I was used by the Order. 
Lelouch: ...to save me. 
You know that I...

Rolo: And then you used me, big brother. 
Yeah, maybe you've been using me for your own ends right from the very start. 
But... only the time I spent with you seemed real. 
Lelouch: ...I was only using...

Rolo: It was those memories that finally made me human. 
Lelouch: ...using you. 
Rolo! 
Rolo: That's why I'm not... 
I'm not...

Lelouch: No! 
Stop using your Geass like that! 
Do you wanna die? 
Rolo: I'm not... a tool. 
I do this of my own free will as a human being! 
Lelouch: Rolo, why did you save me? 
After all I've done to you. 
Rolo: Because, you're a liar, big brother. 
It was a lie, wasn't it? 
What you said about trying to kill me. 
About hating me and all of that. 
Lelouch: Of course. 
And you saw right through me, didn't you? 
Just what I'd expect of my little brother. 
Rolo: That's right. 
I thought so. 
'cause I know who you really are inside your heart. 
I know everything about you, big brother. 
Lelouch: Yes. 
You got it right. 
Your big brother... is just a liar. 
Soldier: We cannot locate the target. 
Soldier: Increasing the search area. 
Request send in ground units. 
Lelouch: Nunnally... Rolo... Shirley... 
The Black Knights... 
I've lost everything. 
This is the result which I've been left with. 
No. 
It's my just punishment. 
But now, thanks to this... 
Thank you, Rolo. 
You saved my life for a reason. 
Because there's still a task that's waiting for me out there. 
Yes. 
Something I have to finish. 
Charles: Who would have imagined. 
That I would ever happen to use the system here. 
The Ragnarok Connection. 
So now, the old world shall be destroyed and the new world shall be created in its place! 
Lelouch: My father, Charles zi Britannia. 
If I'm on the road to hell, then I'll take you with me. 
This is my final mission. 
I swear it! 
----------- [ED]

Rolo... What was our relationship in the end? 
I always realize these things when it's too late. 
To you, I wasn't Lelouch vi Britannia, was I? 
I was Lelouch Lamperouge, your big brother. 
Dammit! 
Suzaku: 2010 of the Imperial Calendar. 
The Holy Britannian Empire invaded Japan to gain control of its underground Sakuradite resources. 
My father, Genbu, called for do-or-die resistance. 
To stop him, I... 
It was childish. 
A tragically childish impulsive act. 
I thought to myself "This will stop the war." 
I thought that there would be no more needless bloodshed. 
But I was wrong. 
The fighting didn't stop. 
All I wanted was to keep people from killing each other. 
Suzaku: No! 
It was Geass. 
The power that can twist a man's will! 
In the end it's just the same. 
I...

Nina: I didn't know... 
I didn't understand that... that would be this horrible... that so many people would... did I... That would be a...

Suzaku: Massacre. 
It's a big hit, Nina. 
The F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warhead has proven itself. 
Britannia can't lose now. 
----------- [OP]

Lelouch: The emperor was headed for Area 11. 
But he never showed up in the Tokyo settlement. 
Which means he had another objective. 
His path could've taken him to Shikine island. 
No. 
The ruins on Kamine island? 
Priest: According to the materials left behind by Director V.V. and our brethren, this location is optimal. 
Priest: It will synchronize with the ancient ruins throughout the world. 
Priest: With this action we can make the Sword of Akasha manageable once again. 
Charles: I never imagined I would use such an ancient device. 
It's quite astounding. 
Anya: So, you're ready to begin, then. 
Diethard: What's the Shinkiro's location? 
Soldier: Sir, we don't know yet. 
Diethard: We have the Britannians assisting us now. 
As soon as you find it, alert all forces and destroy it. 
Soldier: Yes, sir. 
C.C: Master is in danger. 
Anya: It's been ages since we were face to face like this. 
It's me! 
C.C., don't tell me that you've actually...

C.C: I'm so sorry! 
Anya: What are you doing? 
Closing yourself up in here again like this. 
C.C.? 
C.C.! 
C.C: Who are you? 
Anya: It's me. 
See? 
C.C: It's you. 
So you've chased me all the way in here now. 
Are you that worried about Lelouch, Marianne? 
Marianne: Oh, c'mon. 
Do you really think I'm such an ideal mother that that's all I think about? 
C.C: Then why did you come here for me? 
Marianne: Because so much has changed. 
I need to know if you're still on my side. 
C.C: Huh? 
Marianne: C.C., why did you seal off your own Code? 
Just when you have what you wanted. 
Charles was ready to grant your greatest wish, the wish to die. 
But you stopped him. 
C.C: Even I don't know why I did it. 
Actually I'm a little shocked, but I did. 
Marianne: Then you have to find the answer in the real world. 
I've made up my mind and that's all there is to it. 
C.C: How typical of you. 
Marianne: Why is that? 
C.C: The one who always comes in and messes around with my life. 
Marianne: Because I appreciate what you did. 
At least as far as giving me my Geass power. 
C.C: And you never fulfilled your contract. 
Anya: If that's what you think, will you come with me now? 
C.C: Yes, oh, but wait a minute. 
There's something I can't leave behind. 
Cornelia: Was there any chance to tell Anya to stay? 
We'll need someone here to take custody of Zero. 
So, what do you plan to do, Villetta. 
Stay with the Black Knights? 
Neither my brother nor myself plan to punish you. 
After all, now that things have moved forward to the next level, I'd say we have no authority to act against you. 
Villetta: Well... 
I...

Cornelia: I'm probably the last person to say this but noble rank isn't everything. 
Diethard: There's no choice. 
We have to announce that Zero was killed in battle. 
Ohgi: Even though we haven't found Lelouch yet? 
Tohdoh: You want people to believe he's dead? 
Rakshata: Pardon me. 
I understand that Zero has betrayed us in all of that, but do you plan on telling everyone about Geass? 
Diethard: We can't. 
They'd say we're crazy. 
We'd lose all credibility. 
There's no way. 
Tohdoh: And what if the real Zero appears later? 
Diethard: How exactly would he prove that he is the real Zero? 
In the end, the masked hero was merely a symbol. 
He can't reestablish himself without us. 
Lelouch: Oh, really? 
That's very good news. 
Excellent. 
Rivalz: Yeah. 
They finally got the cell phones working again and we've got the news that everyone is okay. 
It was a gigasmic relief. 
Oh, yeah, your room was destroyed but there's space in the clubhouse. 
Lelouch: I see. 
Is the student council room all right? 
Rivalz: Mm. 
By the way, where's Rolo? 
Is he with you? 
Lelouch: Yeah... 
Listen, Rivalz. 
Can you tell the prez something for me? 
Tell her I won't to be able to keep my promise to shoot off fireworks with everyone. 
Rivalz: Huh? 
What was that supposed to mean? 
Lelouch: Sorry, Rivalz. 
And good luck. 
Kallen, take care of C.C. I have to kill him even if I die doing it! 
I'm gambling that I can kill immortal who never ages and who's immune to the power of Geass. 
That's the only chance I have left! 
Soldier: Preparations are complete, Your Majesty. 
Charles: Very well. 
Let us begin. 
Woman: I feel something shaking. 
Man: Oh, really? 
Priest: All relic systems are now synchronized. 
Charles: With this shall end the world of the existing God. 
Destruction and creation... Ragnarok has finally begun. 
Monica: Your Majesty, Prince Schneizel sent report on the conflicting...

Charles: Did I not tell you to leave these mundane affairs to him? 
Monica: Mundane affairs? 
Charles: Has the truth finally begun to dawn on you, Schneizel? 
If so, it's too late. 
This game called war is already obsolete. 
Milly: This is KT television. 
Since our studios were lost in the blast, we've setup a temporary studio at Ashford Academy to bring you this emergency news alert. 
A short while ago, we received official word that Prince Schneizel has signed a cease-fire with the Black Knights. 
In addition, according to an official announcement, Zero, leader and CEO of the Black Knights, was killed in the final battle. 
Zero was wounded in the fight for the Tokyo settlement and subsequently received medical treatment aboard the flagship Ikaruga, but he's succumbed to his injuries before daybreak this morning. 
Man: Master Zero! 
Woman: No! 
No! 
Man: It can't be true! 
Jeremiah: What's the meaning of this, Ohgi? 
Is it true that Zero is dead? 
Ohgi: Yeah. 
I'm afraid it's just as the media's reporting. 
Jeremiah: Could I at least see his face to confirm it? 
Ohgi: Sorry. 
But we are busy right now, Jeremiah. 
It'll have to wait till later. 
Kallen: Are you serious about this? 
Ohgi: The Black Knights don't need Zero anymore. 
Kallen: We've only gotten this far because of him. 
To just throw him away like he's disposable...

Ohgi: He's the one who treated us like we were disposable. 
He fooled us from the very beginning. 
With that despicable Geass power! 
Tamaki: I called him my friend. 
The best friend I've ever had. 
I loved that guy more than my own life! 
Sugiyama: But then...

Minami: We learned the truth. 
Think about the Black Rebellion. 
He was ready to dispose of Ohgi then. 
No, even before that...

Ohgi: That's right. 
People are more than just game pieces. 
The lives matter. 
That's why we're fighting. 
Lelouch: Lelouch vi Britannia now commands you. 
From this moment forward, you shall obey my orders! 
----------- [Eyecatch]

Gino: Damn, she's good. 
Suzaku: Lloyd, can you give me an update on the status of the Lancelot? 
Lloyd: You know the status. 
You saw the condition of the core luminous. 
Suzaku: No. 
I'm talking about the Lancelot Albion. 
Cecile: It's ready to roll out. 
Gino: Albion? 
What's that about? 
Lloyd: Oh, I shouldn't have mentioned that. 
It's a custom Knightmare built for Suzaku. 
But in the state of mind you're in, I don't want you going near it. 
Suzaku: Lloyd, as Knight of Seven, I could order you to do it. 
Lloyd: My unease grows worse and worse. 
Cecile: Suzaku, didn't you say that you had to be prepared not to fire the F.L.E.I.J.A.? 
Suzaku: Miss Cecile, what's the fundamental purpose of any weapon? 
Cecile: Sir Kururugi, you want to debate this like a school boy? 
Suzaku: The point it...

Gino: Drop it, Suzaku. 
This isn't like you. 
Gino: Your Highness? 
Schneizel: It's all right. 
You can relax. 
Lloyd: Princess Cornelia, it's been far too long, Your Highness. 
Cornelia: Right. 
Where is Lord Guilford? 
Cecile: Well...

Schneizel: Cornelia, I'm afraid Lord Guilford was caught in the...

Kanon: He went missing after he launched the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warhead. 
It was his heroism that saved all of us. 
Cornelia: Guilford? 
Schneizel: We may not know if he's alive or dead but he did a great deed. 
You should be proud of him. 
He served you well as your knight. 
Suzaku: What are you saying? 
I'm the one who fired F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warhead. 
That was my deed of honor. 
The feed I needed to become the Knight of One. 
Gino: Hold on Suzaku. 
Suzaku: Is this manipulation designed to protect Lord Guilford's legacy? 
Cornelia: What are you saying? 
Schneizel: I suggest you stop, Suzaku. 
Suzaku: No, I've been naive up till now. 
Lloyd: No? 
You? 
Suzaku: Stubbornly maintaining that the means are more important than the end result. 
I was idealistic and self-righteous. 
Schneizel: Perhaps, but...

Suzaku: In any case I insist on what is do me, Your Highness. 
Make me the Knight of One. 
Cornelia: You've crossed the line into insubordination, Kururugi. 
Lloyd: Anyway, only an emperor has the power to dub a warrior the Knight of One. 
Which means...

Schneizel: Which means, I shall rise to this. 
Everyone: Huh? 
Cornelia: Brother! 
Schneizel: If I become the emperor, it will remove the problem. 
It's really as simple as that? 
Gino: Highness, what you said just now is cross...

Suzaku: Gino. 
Gino: What are you planning to do? 
Suzaku: Prince Schneizel, can you please tell us all what is let you to make this decision? 
Gino: He considers our affairs trivial and mundane. 
That's how His Majesty refer to our mortal struggle with the Black Knights. 
Gino: But...

Schneizel: You've seen it, too, Cornelia. 
How absorbed father is with his dangerous research, how he abandons the throne. 
It's true. 
He treats diplomacy and war like they are meaningless trifles. 
A man who's lost interest in this world, who sees his people locked in a life and death struggle and shrugs and indifference. 
Such a man has no right to rule. 
Kanon: He's finally made up his mind, but...

Lloyd: Could it be a coup d'etat...? 
Cecile: That's wrong...

Suzaku: Your Highness, as a Knight of the Round, I can arrange an audience with the emperor. 
Please give me your order to assassinate him. 
Gino: Suzaku! 
Suzaku: If I'm predestined to be a killer, then so be it. 
Gino, I know what I am and what I must do. 
What matters are results. 
Kaguya: Now then, Your Majesty, as he previously arranged, I'll conduct negotiations with Prime Minister Schneizel in Tokyo. 
Tianzi: But Kaguya, after all Zero was your husband...

Kaguya: Losing Master Zero is a terrible blow. 
It's true. 
But we can't dwell on that. 
When our nations are in danger we must turn his death to our best advantage. 
And honestly, I know I called myself his wife but he and I were just... That is in the end... we were married but... in heart only...

Suzaku: His Majesty is landed on Kamine island? 
Soldier: Yes, My Lord. 
Along with an unknown group of subjects. 
Suzaku: Unknown group. 
Survivors of the Geass Order? 
Gino: Are you serious about sending Suzaku to assassinate your own father? 
Schneizel: Gino, do you want this war to remain in the stalemate forever? 
Gino: What do you mean? 
Schneizel: The true nature of people is this. 
They want to be controlled by their nation, their religion, their traditions, and by figures of grand authority. 
Above all, the emperor of Britannia must play his part. 
Gino: So now you're the one to play that part, Your Highness? 
The grand authority? 
Schneizel: If I'm called upon to do it, then perhaps...

Cornelia: Perhaps... How so? 
Schneizel: Did know that the word authority actually has another meaning? 
Charles: Was this treason Schneizel's idea? 
Suzaku: It was my decision. 
Majesty, I appreciate your patronage. 
That cannot be questioned. 
But, you are guilty of two crimes. 
Charles: Oh? 
Suzaku: First, abandoning your responsibilities as emperor. 
And second, dirtying your hands with the power of Geass. 
Charles: Is that a capital crime? 
Suzaku: Geass takes good men and bends them to evil. 
You knew that. 
You could've saved Euphie. 
It would've been so easy. 
But instead you abandoned her. 
Charles: So what? 
Suzaku: You also drove Lelouch and Nunnally away. 
Their despair is in this sword. 
Die! 
Lord Waldstein! 
What are you doing here? 
Bismarck: Did you think you're the one who knew about Geass? 
It takes many forms. 
Who could be foolish enough to relax his guard with a man who constantly betrays everyone who trusts him. 
Charles: Bismarck, I leave this mundane matter to you. 
Bismarck: Yes, Your Majesty. 
So be it. 
Suzaku: Hold on! 
Hong Gu: Ohgi, this is Hong Gu. 
Requesting landing clearance. 
We brought Her Majesty and Lady Kaguya with us. 
Ohgi: Right. 
Then I'll contact Schneizel's staff as well. 
Diethard: I thought Ohgi had finally changed a bit. 
But no, definitely miscast. 
His true nature is to be defensive. 
Suzaku: No. 
The Geass command that compels me to live. 
It's screaming at me to run away! 
Is the Knight of One really that dangerous an opponent? 
I left my weakness! 
Bismarck: Weakness? 
Fool! 
What you call weakness... That was the source of your strength. 
Gentleness and compassion are what drove you. 
Take those away and there's nothing left but violence. 
Which means... you will die here, Suzaku Kururugi. 
Lelouch: My name is Lelouch vi Britannia. 
I am the eldest son of Empress Marianne, the prince who was abandoned by his empire! 
Soldier: We can't contact His Majesty. 
If you encounter anyone suspicious, don't capture them, kill them. 
Soldier: Yes, My Lord. 
Soldier: What are you doing? 
Why are you shooting...

Monica: Why are we attacking on our own forces? 
Soldier: We're still confirming but we can't contact gun turret room 3! 
Soldier: Someone may have seized the weapon system! 
Soldier: Respond! 
Turret room 3! 
If you do not respond now, we will remove you by force! 
Soldier: Follow us the royal guard! 
We'll eliminate all enemies! 
Soldier: Yes, My Lord. 
Soldier: The reinforcements from the Shikine island base are attacking us! 
Soldier: We're getting reports of our own guards turning on us as well! 
Monica: This is...

Bismarck: But damned rebellion! 
Soldier: Yes, My Lord. 
Where's the emperor? 
Bismarck: His Majesty is in the safest possible place. 
For now we...

Suzaku: Lelouch, it's my burden! 
Bismarck: Who is in command aboard the Great Britannia now? 
Soldier: Lady Monica Krushevsky, the honorable Knight of Twelve. 
Bismarck: Very well. 
In that case, I'm taking the Galahad. 
Kanon: You still can't contact the Mordred? 
Soldier: No, My Lord. 
Although I think she's headed for Kamine island. 
Schneizel: I see. 
That means she must have just received the intelligence and is all her way to His Majesty. 
Along with Suzaku? 
No, this is...

Schneizel: My apologies, Lady Kaguya. 
The meeting will have to be postponed. 
We need to go to Kamine island at once. 
Kaguya: I see. 
Then we should go with you as well. 
There's only one person I can think of who would be attacking the Britannian emperor in the situation. 
I believe you all know who that is. 
Xingke: I agree, Lady Kaguya. 
Kaguya: That changes things. 
We have a few points to verify before we go on. 
We can continue the meeting once this matter has been settled. 
Lelouch: If anyone wishes to stop me, let them try. 
If there's anyone who can go beyond my despair. 
Bismarck: Our own forces turning on this. 
I can't tell friend from foe and I can't just destroy them all. 
Anya. 
Surely you aren't part of this, too. 
Anya: So the Knight of One is behind this traitorous coup d'etat? 
Bismarck: What's that? 
(Charles laughs.) 
Bismarck: Don't jump to conclusions! 
Anya: How can I trust you! 
Bismarck: The enemy is from Shikine island. 
Monica can testify to it. 
Anya: I understand now. 
Forgive me, Lord Bismarck. 
Bismarck: All I ask of you is your recognition. 
How damaged is your Knighmare? 
Anya: My air combat mobility is dropped. 
xxx intercept rebel forces on the ground. 
Bismarck: Understood. 
I'll defend the royal flagship. 
C.C: You're quite the actress, aren't you? 
Anya: We don't have time to explain things to Bismarck right now. 
Since I questioned his royalty, he didn't question mine. 
C.C: Putting a moment to fence it. 
That's just the sort of flash I'd expect from Marianne the Flash. 
And it's just perfect for Lelouch's mother. 
Anya: So what comes next? 
C.C: Hm? 
Anya: Well, we have to save him, don't we? 
C.C: Hmm. 
Charles: God, hear me now! 
The time has come to settle this! 
Lelouch: You're wrong. 
You lift your voice to call upon god. 
But it's not god you need to settle things with, Charles zi Britannia. 
It's me, your son! 
Charles: And how will you challenge me? 
Neither gun nor sword will have any effect on me. 
Nor will the power of your Geass. 
Nothing you can do can kill me. 
Lelouch: But I don't need to kill you. 
By coming to this parallel realm, you've already ensured my victory. 
Charles: You've sealed the exit? 
Lelouch: Yes. 
You, I and the power of Geass are now sealed in this space together. 
And if you can no longer interfere with the real world, then all your plans will be meaningless in the end. 
You may as well be dead! 
Charles: Lelouch! 
Lelouch: The system which you created has become a prison which now holds your own soul captive. 
Now, let us repent. 
Suffering together for all eternity! 
----------- [ED]

Lelouch:  I can't back down now. 
No. 
I must face him! 
I have to wager everything I am against this man! 
Charles, the emperor of Britannia! 
It doesn't matter what happens to me in the end. 
But I must win! 
Anya: You woke up too soon. 
Suzaku: C.C.? 
Anya: What exactly are you doing here? 
Somehow I get the feeling that you didn't come to help out Charles. 
Suzaku: Anya? 
What are you...? 
Anya: Well, at the moment I'm the mother of Lelouch and Nunnally. 
I am Marianne. 
Ohgi: Yeah. 
I'm about to apprise Lady Kaguya and General Commander Xingke of the situation. 
I don't know if they're going to understand or not. 
But clearly, there's one thing to do. 
Tamaki: Yeah, I know. 
Which is... we've got to make sure that Zero is dead. 
Kallen: I need to find out for sure. 
From Lelouch. 
Otherwise... 
I'll never... 
I'll never be able to move on. 
Lelouch: So, since we have plenty of time now, will you answer me? 
Who was it that killed my mother and what's your excuse for not protecting her? 
Charles: How ironic. 
Here you are seeking the truth, you who made it this far only by your deception and your lies. 
Lelouch: That's true. 
I've lied every step of the way. 
And not just about my name and past. 
I've hidden my true intentions, too. 
But that's pragmatism, isn't it? 
People need to play along with each other. 
We melt into a place. 
If we didn't, then nations and people, these things called communities wouldn't exist. 
Everyone uses lies. 
On family, on friends, in society. 
And everyone wears a different face. 
But, is that a sin? 
What is one's true face? 
Even you wear a mask, that of an emperor. 
None of us can make a move now without our respective personas. 
Charles: You're wrong. 
When we realize that lies have no meaning in the endless flow of eternity, those personas will vanish. 
When we understand each other, conflict will disappear. 
Lelouch: That all sounds like metaphysical nonsense to me. 
Charles: It will soon be reality. 
You see, this is my Ragnarok Connection. 
Soon these masks known as deceit will be discarded by the world, revealing the truth. 
Suzaku: Cs' world? 
C.C: In current terminology, it's the collective unconscious. 
A collective of people's minds with memories. 
The sea of transmigration. 
The great consciousness. 
Some refer to it as God. 
Suzaku: Was that what I saw when we met at Narita? 
C.C: There, it was mixed with your personal consciousness. 
I'm merely guessing as I don't know what it was you saw. 
Suzaku: How irresponsible. 
C.C: Do you like having others peep into your mind? 
It's people. 
Their masks are the collective unconscious. 
Windows that open into their minds and memories. 
And the minds of people are...

Anya: Ah, forget it. 
It's too messed up for me to do. 
C.C., could you please? 
C.C: Do you really plan to go in? 
Anya: Yes, of course. 
Charles has been waiting for us after all. 
This would've been so easy if you'd only given him your Code. 
Oh, I'll go first, all right? 
Suzaku: What are you doing? 
C.C: You know, Suzaku? 
You and I, we're very similar. 
Suzaku: Similar? 
C.C: In the way that we both wish to die and yet are unable to. 
Bismarck: Prince Schneizel and the Black Knights? 
Kallen: Stay alive, Lelouch. 
I've got an important question that I still want to ask you. 
Lelouch: Wha... it can't be...! 
Marianne: My, Lelouch. 
How you've grown. 
Lelouch: Mother? 
Charles: Marianne. 
I see you've come. 
Lelouch: Is this an illusion? 
You do this? 
Marianne: No. 
It really is me, Lelouch. 
However I can only take on my original appearance while I'm present within this system. 
Lelouch: It really is? 
Charles: Lelouch, I will now answer your previous question. 
Half a century ago, my elder brother and I existed in a hell on earth. 
Our family was just rivals competing for the throne. 
Assassinations occurred with regularity. 
Daily betrayal spawned by lies. 
Killing each other off. 
My own mother fell victim to it. 
My brother and I were sickened and angered by the world. 
We therefore both swore an oath. 
To create a world without lies. 
Marianne: Both C.C. and I agreed to this as well. 
V.V., however... 
What did you call me for today? 
I cleared everyone out of here. 
I even had Cornelia withdraw. 
V.V: Sorry to do this. 
Especially without Charles around. 
Marianne: Is this about the Sword of Akasha? 
V.V: Hm? 
Oh, no. 
This is only about Charles. 
Ever since he met you, Charles has been acting like a different man. 
It seems to me that you and he have come to enjoy learning more about one another. 
You realize that if this continues, the contract we made will never be fulfilled. 
I'll be left alone. 
From the beginning of time, it's always been the woman who's led the man astray. 
Security: Lady Marianne. 
Marianne: I told you to stay out of here. 
V.V: The job's done. 
Right. 
Begin the cover up. 
Maybe we can make Nunnally out to be the witness. 
It's imperative that this looks like it was the work of terrorists. 
Marianne: Anya Alstreim. 
The young girl who had arrived a week earlier to be schooled in etiquette. 
My Geass power was to cross over into another person's mind. 
The power that had been dormant for so long activated for the first time as I was dying. 
I hid inside Anya to save myself from being killed by V.V. And then I realized. 
Realized that when my consciousness surfaced, I could communicate mind to mind with C.C. When she discovered the truth, C.C. left the directorship to V.V. And then disappeared. 
Charles: I spoke with my brother about it, however...

V.V: I heard. 
What a tragedy. 
I shall miss Marianne. 
Charles: My brother lied to me. 
After we had sworn to create a world without deceit. 
Lelouch: How dare you! 
Don't try to pass off blame for everything on the dead? 
Nunnally and I, you sent us to Japan as hostages. 
Charles: It was necessary! 
Lelouch: Necessary for what? 
What kind of parent does that? 
C.C: If you have someone you don't want to lose, you should keep them at a distance. 
TV Clue: Milly, when the sun rises I wanna get a shot with ground zero in the background. 
Milly: Okay, gotcha. 
TV Clue: Sorry about this. 
Relief will be here from Niigata and Nagoya by afternoon so hang tight. 
Milly: I'm okay. 
Bismarck: Right now, we're suppressing the rebel forces with the aid of the Black Knights. 
However...

Schneizel: Hm? 
Is there something else? 
Bismarck: Prince Schneizel, just how much do you know? 
Schneizel: How frightening. 
What are you referring to? 
C.C: I used Lelouch. 
I was fully aware of the truth the entire time. 
In order to bring about my own death, I had to make his survival a priority. 
Suzaku: Any regrets? 
C.C: Not really. 
My sensibilities are quite different as an immortal witch. 
I abandoned my humanity long ago. 
Suzaku: We aren't all alike, you know. 
C.C., I want you to send me to the other world. 
Regardless that you may think I'm foolish, I can't wait here and do nothing. 
Charles: That's right. 
I sent both you and your sister to Japan to escape my brother's sight. 
That's also why I had Marianne's body secretly taken away. 
Marianne: As long as my body still exists, there's the possibility that I'll be able to return to it. 
Charles: Anya and Nunnally became witnesses. 
Therefore it was necessary to rewrite their memories in order to protect everything. 
Lelouch: Nunnally? 
You mean her blindness isn't psychosomatic after all? 
But...

Marianne: Even though she was a false witness, there remained very real danger she would be killed. 
Charles: To ensure Nunnally's safety, proof was needed that would lead far away from the truth. 
Marianne: The original plan called for only one immortal Code. 
However, for research to progress, we had to have an additional Code. 
In other words, without C.C., we didn't have a 100% guarantee that it would succeed. 
Charles: When Marianne was unable to persuade C.C. to help us, we were left with no choice. 
We were forced to use you, Lelouch. 
Lelouch: Then, what was the point of me doing this? 
Charles: These tragedies will no longer be necessary once the Ragnarok Connection is established. 
Marianne: Masks will vanish. 
Then everyone can be exactly who they are supposed to be. 
Lelouch: I see. 
All of the battle and bloodshed between Britannia and the Black Knights was done just to lure out C.C. Well then... it seems that from the very beginning I was merely a nuisance. 
Just a ruckus in the world. 
And what you two think of all this? 
C.C: Did you already know that I was going to come here, Lelouch? 
Lelouch: And that you regained your memories, too. 
It was necessary for this plan, wasn't it? 
Charles: Precisely. 
Therefore I cannot see any sense in your coming here as well, Kururugi. 
Suzaku: I'm sure you can't. 
I heard you're already immortal. 
That's why there's something I want know for certain. 
Why did you make this thing? 
For what reason? 
Charles: Why. 
Because it's what Nunnally and Euphy both desired. 
They wanted a gentle world. 
Lelouch: Now I see. 
It's obvious. 
Charles: The time is here. 
C.C., since we are all assembled, the plan can commence now. 
I will grant your wish, after everything has been completed. 
Anya: Ah, what the...?! 
Where am I? 
Schneizel: All over the world? 
Kanon: Yes. 
Schneizel: Bismarck? 
Bismarck: It must be His Majesty's plan come to fruition. 
If His Majesty succeeds in carrying out his vision, then whatever is left of the world would be yours to govern per his royal decree, although the sense of politics will have changed greatly. 
Marianne: Behold! 
It's begun! 
The Sword of Akasha is slaying God. 
Charles: Now once our marks of Geass become one, the old world will cease and a new world will spring forth. 
Suzaku: Lelouch, what was your motivation for wanting to control the world? 
Lelouch: Don't waste my time, Suzaku. 
You know it was Nunnally. 
Suzaku: Are you just using her as your excuse? 
Lelouch: Hm. 
Yes, you're right. 
I am. 
I have fought to protect everything I thought I wanted to protect. 
Suzaku: If you're going to achieve that end, you need to take action. 
Lelouch: Yes, the means to that end requires me to reject something. 
Suzaku: Which is? 
Lelouch: That... 
I... 
I reject you! 
And I reject everything you believe! 
Why do people lie? 
It isn't only because they struggle against each other! 
It's also because there's something that they're seeking. 
You now wanna a world without change. 
How stagnant! 
You could hardly call it life, the same as a world of memories. 
Just a world that's closed and completed. 
That's a place I wouldn't wanna live in. 
Marianne: But Lelouch, are you saying you're rejecting me as well? 
Lelouch: That depends. 
Is your desire the same as His Majesty's, mother? 
Marianne: It will be so good to rejoin all the people from whom we've been separated. 
You can be reunited with those who have died. 
Even Euphemia. 
Lelouch: As I expected. 
You both believe that this new world you envision would be best for all. 
But forcing your good intentions on others is no different from an evil act. 
Charles: In time, the people will come to accept it. 
Lelouch: That time will never come! 
Only one thing is undeniably certain. 
I understand now that what you did to Nunnally and me may have been done out of good intentions. 
But... the hard fact remains that you abandoned us in a foreign land! 
Marianne: But we did that to protect you! 
Lelouch: Then why didn't you stop the war between Japan and Britannia? 
The plan was such a priority for you both that it didn't matter to either of you if Nunnally and I were alive or dead! 
That's why you abandoned us. 
All you have left are self-serving excuses! 
Marianne: Lelouch, you're wrong. 
Lelouch: You just told me! 
You said that the dead would rejoin the living! 
You don't give a damn about the future! 
Charles: The future is the Ragnarok Connection. 
Once it's finally done, the gentler existence that Nunnally spoke of...

Lelouch: Stop it! 
The world you're speaking of will be kinder and gentler only for you! 
The world that my sister wish for is one in which kindness is extended to everyone, even strangers! 
Suzaku: He may be right. 
At the very least Euphy never said that Lelouch was Zero. 
Even to the very end. 
Shirley didn't neither. 
That's why I...

Charles: Let's say it was true. 
What of it? 
There's nothing to be done about it. 
The Ragnarok Connection has begun. 
Lelouch: You think so? 
I am Zero! 
The man who works miracles. 
Charles: Your Geass power will have no effect on me nor will it on anyone else here! 
Lelouch: No! 
There's someone else here, isn't there? 
That's right! 
Cs' World is the will of mankind itself! 
And all men are not equal, remember those words? 
They're your own and because of that, I'm sure you'll realize that my power will work! 
Charles: You're a fool, Lelouch! 
God cannot be defeated by the power of the king! 
Lelouch: I don't intend to defeat God! 
This is a request! 
Yes. 
Now I know who I really am! 
God! 
Collective unconscious! 
Please, don't stop the march of time! 
Marianne: Lelouch, you ungrateful child. 
Suzaku: Nobody would've wanted this! 
No one and especially not Euphy! 
Marianne: And I saved you so that you could talk to Euphy again. 
Suzaku: Meaning you are going to force me to, right? 
Charles: You can't do this, boy! 
Not against God nor all of humanity itself! 
Lelouch: Regardless, what I want... is tomorrow! 
Marianne: It can't be! 
Charles: The Thought Elevator is falling! 
The dream that I and Marianne and my brother all shared! 
C.C: Charles, just stop already. 
It was presumptuous of us to even attempt this. 
Charles: C.C., we still bear the marks of Geass. 
No matter what occurs, we...

Lelouch: This isn't a falsehood, father. 
It's reality's response. 
Marianne: Darling, you...

Charles: No, it's not possible! 
I'm supposed to be immortal! 
We're being absorbed? 
Consumed by Cs' World? 
Marianne: But what about C.C.? 
Why isn't she disappearing as well? 
You supported this plan as much as we did. 
C.C: Sorry. 
But I finally realized. 
The love you have... is only for yourselves. 
Marianne: No, that's not true at all. 
We love our children very much. 
Lelouch: Do you have any idea what the meaning is behind Nunnally's beautiful smile? 
Marianne: The meaning? 
Lelouch: Why don't you understand? 
Nunnally was blinded! 
My own sister was crippled! 
She knew... she knew that there were things in this world that she would never be able to do by herself. 
So her smile... Nunnally's smile... was her way of expressing gratitude! 
Charles: You're laboring under a delusion! 
Lelouch: I will not let you call that a lie! 
Over my dead body! 
You've refused to face reality! 
Content to watch us from afar! 
Don't make me laugh! 
There's only one truth here! 
You, my own parents, you abandoned us! 
Charles: You clever little fool! 
Lelouch: Suzaku, stay out of this. 
Charles: Can't you understand that if you refuse me and what I offer, you will inherit his world, Schneizel's world! 
Do not judge me, good and evil intentions are on each side of the same card! 
Even then, you still have...! 
Lelouch: No matter what, I will always reject the world you envision. 
Begone now! 
Charles  Marianne: Nooooo!
Bismarck: It can't be! 
Schneizel: Can I assume that...? 
Bismarck: Yes, His Majesty has now been...

Lelouch: C.C., are you going as well? 
C.C: When death comes, you want to at least be smiling, right? 
And you two. 
What are you planning to do now? 
Suzaku: Huh? 
C.C: You rejected Charles's plan. 
Instead, you chose reality and forward march of time. 
However...

Suzaku: I know. 
Lelouch is the person who murdered Euphy. 
Lelouch: What of it? 
Milly: It has been one month since the destruction caused by the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warhead. 
Today His Majesty, Emperor Charles, will make an important announcement to the entire nation. 
We will be bringing you live international coverage of this from Pendragon Imperial Palace. 
Even though His Majesty has not made any public appearances in the past month. 
Carline: Didn't somebody say that the Emperor was missing? 
Guinevere: Bismarck was the one who reported that. 
Now he is gone. 
Odysseus: As for Schneizel and the others, where are they? 
Carline: Don't know. 
There's been no word from Cambodia yet. 
Soldier: Presenting, His Imperial Majesty! 
Carline: Huh? 
Guinevere: Well, that's not...

Carline: Where's His Majesty? 
Milly: What the hell? 
Rivalz: Wha.. 
It can't be! 
Kallen: But how...? 
There's no way. 
Lelouch: Greetings. 
I'm Lelouch vi Britannia of the Royal Family, 99th Emperor of the realm. 
Bismarck: Good Lord. 
Gino: How can this be? 
Carline: It's really you? 
Guinevere: You're alive? 
Lelouch: Yes, sister, I am. 
I've returned from the depths of hell intact. 
Odysseus: Lelouch, how good to see you. 
When Nunnally was located, I figured that you would be found alive, too. 
But now, aren't you carrying this joke a bit too far? 
That's the throne of our father...

Lelouch: Charles zi Britannia, the 98th Emperor no longer lives and I'm the one who took his life. 
Therefore, that makes me the next Emperor! 
Carline: What are you saying? 
Are you nuts? 
Guinevere: Guards! 
Take that fool and execute him! 
He's guilty of murdering our emperor! 
Kallen: Suzaku. 
But why? 
Lelouch: May I introduce Suzaku Kururugi, my knight. 
A Knight of the Round above all others. 
I grant him the title "Knight of Zero". 
Kaguya: Suzaku? 
They're working together? 
Odysseus: Lelouch, Sir Kururugi, this just won't do. 
Pulling a bad stunt like this on an international broadcast...

Lelouch: Do you think so? 
Let me make this easy for you all to understand. 
Acknowledge me as emperor! 
Odysseus: Lelouch, I insist that you stop joking around like... We hear and obey, Your Majesty! 
Carline  Guinevere: All hail Emperor Lelouch!
Everyone: All hail Lelouch! 
All hail Lelouch! 
All hail Lelouch! 
All hail Lelouch! 
Schneizel: I need to thank you, Lelouch. 
Now that you've reappeared on the scene, we no longer have a problem to contend with. 
Cornelia: But why is Kururugi helping him? 
What's his reason? 
Kanon: He succeeds in furthering himself by continually betraying others. 
Schneizel: Don't be concerned. 
Let Lelouch have all of it. 
Because it doesn't matter. 
He can have Britannia, the whole nation. 
The question is what comes next. 
Which will control the world? 
Will it be Lelouch's Geass power or will it be...

----------- [ED]

Lelouch: How ironic. 
I, the one who has perpetually rejected and denounced Britannia, must now become the Britannian emperor. 
But I must! 
For everyone's sake, I must! 
Announcer: 99th emperor Lelouch, who ascended the throne only a few days ago, has ordered the destruction of the imperial mausoleum which held the remains of past Britannian emperors. 
Following his abolition of the aristocracy, breaking up of bureaucratic cliques, and liberation of the Numbers, Odysseus and other royals express support for the new emperor despite these actions. 
However...

Tamaki: He's just amazing! 
Tohdoh: Does he really intend to completely remake Britannia? 
Rakshata: Don't you mean destroy it? 
Ohgi: Are we to believe Lelouch really did hate Britannia as he claimed? 
Villetta: He's eliminating any faction which could possibly oppose him. 
Kaguya: Even in the U.F.N. 
most people are expressing their support for Emperor Lelouch. 
Tamaki: I knew he was really on our side. 
I always said that! 
Chiba: Some media people are calling him the knight for justice and the hero of the masses. 
Sugiyama: Speaking of media, where's Diethard at? 
Chiba: I doubt he is coming back here. 
Tohdoh: You're right. 
As long as he is with Cornelia and Schneizel, he'll stay hidden. 
Tamaki: So, what's our next move? 
What do we do now? 
Rakshata: What do you mean from "now"? 
Tamaki: Well, but I mean... everything's different. 
The new emperor is doing good things. 
Kaguya: He is...

Xingke: No, he isn't. 
Tohdoh: It's the truth. 
Xingke: Emperor Lelouch has one... no, Zero has one goal. 
Lelouch: Lelouch vi Britannia commands each one of you. 
Be my slaves, now! 
Everyone: Yes, Your Majesty! 
All hail Lelouch! 
Lloyd: Your Majesty, won't you let me analyze that power just a little bit, for science of course. 
Jeremiah: Do you want to die, Lloyd? 
Lloyd: You mean in the traditional sense? 
Jeremiah: Ridiculous. 
Jeremiah Gottwald returns from battle to announce that he has vanquished former Earl Rosenkreuz. 
Lelouch: Well done. 
Still, I'm not very popular out there, am I? 
The nobles are rising up and rebelling everywhere. 
Isn't that true? 
C.C: People resist when you take away their vested interest. 
They fight back. 
Lelouch: That's why we need to make them fully understand how foolish and pathetic it is to cling to vain pedigrees and past glories. 
----------- [OP]

Lloyd: Is this a good thing? 
Cecile: Is what a good thing? 
Lloyd: Well, you know... 
The way Prince Schneizel and Princess Cornelia have disappeared without trace. 
This is the legitimate Holy Britannian Empire, isn't it? 
Cecile: Yes, you have a point. 
And if it's known what Suzaku and others are actually trying to do here...

Lloyd: I wonder if we've become cogs in a machine without even realizing it. 
Cecile: By the way, did you know? 
Lloyd: What? 
Cecile: Suzaku used to attend school with His Majesty. 
They had classes together. 
Lloyd: Ah, Milly and Nina's school? 
Milly: I won't be back until tonight. 
Nina: Covering something? 
Milly: A conference. 
To decide if we support His Majesty, or Lelouch. 
That's part of it. 
Area 11, sorry, I mean Japan, it's about whether or not we should go back to the homeland now that it's no longer part of Britannia. 
Nina: And? 
Milly: Well, even my family isn't nobility anymore...

Nina: Lelouch is the one...

Milly: Stop! 
Can we just drop this whole subject now and talk about something else? 
Rivalz: Man, I'm hungry. 
Here, Nina. 
Nina: Sorry, Rivalz. 
Rivalz: Forget it. 
Forget it. 
You shouldn't go out. 
You're safe here in the school. 
Nina: Thanks a lot. 
When I built the F.L.E.I.J.A., I never in my wildest dreams thought all these countries would target me. 
They're relentless. 
Suzaku: So soon after ascending the throne, the name Emperor Lelouch has become part of history. 
All because you dismantled Britannian culture. 
Lelouch: The real work is yet to come. 
At this moment I'm about to spill a sea of blood. 
Enough blood to wipe away all memory of princess massacre forever from people's minds. 
Suzaku: Lelouch, are you saying...? 
Lelouch: Euphy wasn't the only one. 
It was Nunnally, too. 
We've both lost so much. 
Far, far too much. 
But, to move forward into the future we need to take over the entire world. 
Just saying those words makes me laugh. 
C.C: Yet you're both absolutely determined to do it. 
Isn't that right? 
Lelouch: Yes. 
It's for the sake of the Zero Requiem. 
Suzaku: Yes, Your Majesty. 
Lloyd: Well then, what will you do about the problem at hand, Your Majesty? 
Lelouch: Hmm, I took over Britannia to address that. 
But...

C.C: Is it true? 
About what Schneizel is planning? 
Lelouch: Yes. 
According to the intelligence's reports. 
And given that the Tromo Agency in Cambodia has seceded from Britannia. 
When you add it all up, it leads to one conclusion. 
There's no choice. 
We have to move the plan to the next phase before Schneizel has a chance to put his plan into action. 
Yes, what is it? 
Soldier: Majesty, it's the Knights of the Round! 
They're approaching, with the Knight of One in the lead! 
We can only confirm four of the Rounds among them. 
They're accompanied by their personal forces! 
Bismarck: We swore absolute loyalty to Charles zi Britannia. 
Dorothea: We will never recognize this damned usurper. 
Wha..? 
An interceptor? 
But there's only one...

Suzaku: One is enough with Lancelot Albion. 
Dorothea: I can't track it! 
He got me already? 
Bismarck: The Albion? 
Monica: A 9th generation Knightmare Frame. 
It's Suzaku Kururugi! 
Gino: Will you wake up, Suzaku? 
You can still come back to us. 
Suzaku: Come back? 
You've got it all wrong. 
If you've sworn true loyalty to Britannia then it's you who should join on our side, Gino. 
Or, will you stand against Britannia? 
Gino: Huh? 
Stand against it? 
Bismarck: Suzaku Kururugi! 
I heard that your goal was to become the Knight of One. 
But I am the only Knight of One. 
And I'll never lose that title to a traitor like you! 
Suzaku: My title is the Knight of Zero. 
And that trumps you, Bismarck. 
Bismarck: An empty title with no honor! 
Announcer: We interrupt our programming for this live broadcast from the Holy Britannian Empire. 
Kallen: That's... the Lancelot! 
Rakshata: With energy wings? 
Xingke: And it's challenging Bismarck. 
Suzaku: How can he know Lancelot's flight path? 
Bismarck: My Geass gives me the power to see the future. 
Suzaku: And again? 
Bismarck: Only once before, I used this power when I battled Lady Marianne. 
Suzaku: He can predict my moves. 
But still...! 
Lelouch: Suzaku, as we planned, this battle is being broadcast to the world. 
Suzaku: Right, for the sake of the Zero Requiem, I must be victorious! 
Lelouch: And that's why I'm ordering you, to live! 
Suzaku: Yes, Your Majesty! 
Bismarck: My name will always be linked with the title of mightiest knight of the empire! 
Bismarck: What? 
What is this? 
Is it the machine's special functions or is it Kururugi's skill? 
Lelouch: Suzaku, your will power is extraordinary. 
Turning my Geass command "to live" into an unexpected weapon. 
You've become a warrior like no other. 
Suzaku: Even though you can predict my moves, if I do this! 
Bismarck: Head on? 
You insult me! 
Bismarck: I failed you, Lady Marianne. 
Tohdoh: The Knight of One has fallen! 
Gino: What have I become? 
Am I a knight of Britannia? 
And if I'm not... Then what am I fighting these battles for? 
Lelouch: To the people of the world. 
Kallen: Lelouch...

Lelouch: The video that you've just seen is final proof that I am the true ruler of Britannia. 
In name and indeed. 
Now that, that is clear. 
The Holy Britannian Empire is ready to join the United Federation of Nations. 
Rakshata: Does that mean? 
Ohgi: Britannia will be on our side? 
Tamaki: There, you see? 
I told you he was one of us. 
He's my buddy! 
Lelouch: For the negotiations, I will not be with Suzaku Kururugi nor any of my generals. 
I shall follow all rules of the U.F.N. 
However, the site of the negotiation shall be the one nation which is neutral. 
Standing between Britannia and the U.F.N., Japan. 
The Ashford Academy will be the site of the conference. 
Rivalz: Whoa? 
----------- [Eyecatch]

Soldier: This is 1-4-4, north wing, clear. 
Cornelia: Is there something going on, Schneizel? 
Schneizel: A certain person decided she didn't approve of us. 
So she's chosen to flee. 
We need to deploy Damocles now. 
There's no more time. 
Cornelia: Is that the only option we have? 
Schneizel: That will be up to the world to decide. 
C.C: Lelouch, are you really certain about this? 
Just me and a few security police? 
Lelouch: We're going there to ask them for a favor. 
To participate in enlightened democratic system. 
C.C: A-ha? 
Lelouch: And we know how everyone loves their democracy. 
Milly: We're coming to you from Ashford Academy, the site chosen by His Majesty Lelouch, emperor of Britannia. 
It is here that the U.F.N. 
will debate whether to allow the Britannian empire to become a member. 
It's the emperor's personal transport. 
Lelouch, is that really you? 
I'm sorry. 
Emperor Lelouch has just landed inside the school grounds. 
Woman: It's Lelouch, the emperor of justice! 
Woman: Your Majesty! 
Your Majesty! 
Man: He's just a kid. 
Rivalz: Lelouch, I need to know the truth, Lelouch. 
Why didn't you ever tell me who you were? 
Guard: Hey! 
How dare you! 
Disrespecting the emperor! 
Rivalz: Let me go! 
We're friends. 
He was my best friend at school here. 
He was... Lelouch! 
Hey! 
Guard: Why...! 
Nina: He's sorry. 
Let him go! 
We'll leave right now! 
Let's go. 
C'mon. 
Kallen: Lelouch, tell me why...

Lelouch: Nice to meet you. 
You're Captain Kallen Kouzuki, a leader of the Black Knights, are you not? 
Kallen: That's right. 
I'm here to escort you safely to the conference. 
Lelouch: Fine. 
Do you mind if we take the long way around? 
I am feeling a bit anxious about this. 
A little walk might be helpful. 
Kallen: I understand. 
Ohgi: Is Zero... Lelouch, did he come here to pull something? 
Villetta: He can't. 
The O.S.I. 
systems are completely down now. 
Hong Gu: We've also supplied their guards with the goggles that have special lenses. 
Advanced Geass countermeasures. 
Chiba: Kouzuki wants us to watch her closely. 
If we think he used his Geass on her, she wants us to shoot her. 
She said to use the snipers. 
Tamaki: You're all just paranoid. 
He came here to make friends. 
Get over it! 
Lelouch: Nostalgic, isn't it? 
Kallen: I'm... 
I'm grateful for what you did. 
I know if it weren't for you, I would have ended my life back in the Shinjuku ghetto. 
The Black Knights would never have existed at all. 
I was glad, proud and honored to be needed by our masked leader Zero. 
But... when I learned you were Zero, I didn't understand anymore. 
Even so, the man I saw fighting against Britannia... Now you've joined forces with Suzaku. 
What are you really trying to do? 
Do you want personal power? 
To be above everyone else? 
Or is this just a game to you? 
During the Black Rebellion, Ohgi told me to guard you with my life. 
He told me that... you could make my brother's dream come true. 
Lelouch, after everything we've been through, what do I mean to you? 
On the day you left the Ikaruga you told me "Kallen, you have to live!" 
This is it, then. 
Bye, Lelouch. 
The supreme council will be meeting in the gymnasium. 
Lelouch: So then it is good bye, Kallen. 
Chairman Kaguya Sumeragi of the U.F.N. 
supreme council, I desire that the Holy Britannian Empire participates in the United Federation of Nations. 
Kaguya: Master Zero... Do you understand that the participation is dependent upon a 2.F.N. 
members? 
Lelouch: Of course. 
That's the democratic way of doing things, right? 
Kaguya: Yes, that's right. 
Representative: This is rather uncourteous, don't you agree? 
Representative: It was former Emperor Charles who carried all those crimes, wasn't it? 
Lelouch: Geass countermeasures, huh? 
Well, now it's clear that only Kaguya and core members of the Black Knights know about Geass. 
Kaguya: Now, what are you really trying to do here? 
Treacherous Emperor Lelouch? 
Lelouch: I'm surprised at you. 
Isn't the new Britannia a better country for the entire world? 
Xingke: That remains to be seen. 
U.F.N. 
resolutions are always determined by majority vote. 
Tohdoh: Voting rights are apportioned according to each member nation's population. 
Xingke: The Chinese Federation has been broken up, so the nation with the largest population in the world now...

Ohgi: ... is Britannia. 
Xianglin: If we allow Britannia to join the U.F.N. 
today...

Gu: ... you will have more than half the votes, Emperor Lelouch. 
Kaguya: In short, if we vote in your favor, you would usurp our power and take control of the U.F.N. 
Tamaki: So that's it! 
I always knew he was a bad guy. 
Rakshata: He really is exceptionally dim, isn't he? 
Tamaki: I heard that! 
Ohgi: What's your response, Emperor Lelouch? 
Xingke: Break up your empire. 
Let your territory secede from Britannia. 
Or limit your total votes to 20%. 
Those are your options. 
Lelouch: Chairman Kaguya, I have one question that I would like to ask you. 
Kaguya: You may do so. 
Lelouch: What trait is most important for governing the world? 
Kaguya: It's pride. 
The pride of self-governance. 
Lelouch: Good answer. 
You speak with wisdom, Lady Kaguya. 
However, I would submit a different answer. 
Kaguya: Oh, and what would that answer be? 
Lelouch: The will to destroy. 
Kaguya: Destroy? 
Lelouch: Destroy the world and even oneself! 
Kallen: Careful! 
He's trying to pull off something! 
Damn it! 
Suzaku: I will not allow this affront to His Majesty. 
Tohdoh: Where the hell were our perimeter guards? 
Soldier: Sorry, sir. 
He launched suddenly from underwater. 
Milly: Is he gonna make the leaders of the entire world obey him at gunpoint? 
Minami: Deploy to Ashford Academy! 
We need to save Lady Kaguya! 
Minase: The Britannian forces have started to move! 
Xingke: What's that? 
Minase: They're crossing from international waters into Japanese territory! 
Tohdoh: He's caught us off guard. 
Xingke: Meeting with the U.F.N. 
and then choosing the school as the site. 
All of this was nothing but a decoy. 
Ohgi: If that's true, then he's betrayed the trust of the entire world. 
Xianglin: You heard him. 
He was never interested in joining the U.F.N. 
Rakshata: In other words, his goal is a pure dictatorship. 
Tohdoh: He abolished the older aristocracy, yet he still continues to call himself emperor. 
Xingke: You're right. 
Zero is... Lelouch is now the enemy of the world. 
Xingke: Retreat! 
Get out of there, Kouzuki. 
Kallen: Negative. 
I'm taking Lelouch down. 
This Guren's the only unit that can go up against the Lancelot. 
Xingke: If you fight here you'll be putting everyone's lives at risk. 
There're leaders from every nation on Earth. 
Kallen: But the empress is also in great danger! 
Xingke: I know that, Kallen. 
But the enemy is Lelouch! 
He won't hesitate to kill everyone around him. 
You can't act on your own. 
We have to let representatives decide how to respond. 
Otherwise, the U.F.N. 
itself will collapse. 
And that would leave Britannia victorious! 
Kaguya: Suzaku...

Lelouch: Now, Chairman Sumeragi... 
I request that you take the vote. 
Will you allow Britannia to join the U.F.N.? 
Kaguya: We'd be voting under duress. 
Lelouch: Will you stop them from casting their decision? 
No, then let's start the democratic process. 
Rivalz: Lelouch and Suzaku, what are they thinking? 
They declared war on the whole world! 
A roadblock? 
Nina: Don't try to protect me. 
It's not worth it. 
You get tangled up in this whole thing! 
Rivalz: I'm not gonna let them get their hands on you! 
Nina: Why? 
Just as a favor to Milly? 
If that's it...

Rivalz: Idiot! 
It's because I'm your friend! 
Lloyd: Congratulations! 
Rivalz:
Nina: Huh?
Lloyd: Aha, ahahaha. 
Soldier: Priority target one has been captured. 
It all went as you predicted, Your Majesty. 
Lelouch: Good. 
Treat her with courtesy as I instructed. 
Oh, one more thing. 
I'm sure there was a student with her. 
Let him go free. 
Soldier: Yes, Your Majesty. 
Suzaku: Majesty, emergency dispatch from the Avalon. 
Lelouch: What is it? 
Suzaku: Pendragon... the capital city... it's been...

Lelouch: Damn it! 
He struck first! 
Cecile: The radius of destruction is approximately a hundred kilometers. 
We have to assume it was caused by a F.L.E.I.J.A. 
And that's not all. 
There's a fortress in the sky above it. 
It's three kilometers long. 
Kaguya: What's he doing now? 
Suzaku: Lelouch, it's just as you guessed. 
Lelouch: Yes, I had no doubt that all the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warheads were there. 
The sky fortress Damocles was developed by the Tromo Agency in Cambodia. 
It is a perfect base for the F.L.E.I.J.A.s. 
C.C: The only one who would know the imperial private channel is...

Schneizel: Do you enjoy forcing others to submit your will, Lelouch? 
Lelouch: What do you want? 
Schneizel: I've gathered all the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warheads. 
They're deployed to the Damocles. 
Lelouch: You're prepared to attack the Britannian emperor? 
Schneizel: I'm afraid that's a null point since I don't recognize you as the emperor, Lelouch. 
Lelouch: I see. 
I suppose you think that you're best suited to rule. 
Schneizel: No, you're mistaken. 
There's another who's destined for the throne. 
The one who's truly best suited to rule Britannia... is right here. 
Suzaku: Nunnally! 
Nunnally: Listen well, Lelouch and Suzaku. 
I declare, you're my enemies from now on. 
----------- [ED]

Lelouch: Nunnally... 
Ever since that day 8 years ago, I've needed a reason to go on living. 
And might I once again lose the very basis for my existence? 
My guiding star? 
And if not, do I now have to...! 
Soldier: The capital Pendragon's been obliterated? 
Soldier: Is that true? 
Soldier: They say it was the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warhead. 
Soldier: The thing that wiped out the Tokyo settlement? 
Soldier: An accident? 
Soldier: But I heard the F.L.E.I.J.A.s they built are all missing now. 
Jeremiah: Stop spreading wild rumors. 
It is imprudent to talk as if the capital's been destroyed, even as rumors. 
Sayoko: No, I'm afraid it's all true. 
Jeremiah: What? 
You...

Sayoko: Please take me to Lelouch. 
It's urgent. 
----------- [OP]




Lelouch: Nunnally... it's you... you're alive...

Nunnally: Yes, thanks to our brother Schneizel. 
Lelouch: Schneizel...

Suzaku: Nunnally... do you understand what Schneizel has done? 
Nunnally: Yes. 
He attacked capital Pendragon with a F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warhead. 
Suzaku: If you know about that, then why? 
Nunnally: Do you think that using Geass on people is better? 
Both you and big brother has been lying to me from the very beginning, haven't you? 
You've kept the truth from me all this time. 
But... now I know everything. 
Lelouch, you're Zero all along, weren't you? 
Why?! 
Tell me! 
Were you doing it for my sake? 
Because if you were, that means...

Lelouch: For your sake? 
I see my little sister is presumptuous as ever. 
You think it's just natural for people to help you all the time out of sympathy and pity? 
It's so easy to criticize others while you keep your own hands unsullied. 
You're the quintessence of the privileged aristocrat that I've rejected. 
Nunnally: You are... no...

Lelouch: I act for no one's sake. 
It is for me, my sake, that I take the world into my hands. 
If you choose to stand in my way, by allying yourself with Schneizel, I won't hesitate to crush you without mercy and without regret. 
Nunnally: Lelouch...

Cornelia: Are you all right, Nunnally? 
Schneizel: That must have been very hard for you, Nunnally. 
I thought showing him the power of the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
might convince him to surrender. 
Nunnally: Schneizel, are the people of Pendragon really all right? 
Are you sure they are safe? 
Schneizel: You needn't worry. 
We gave warning for them to evacuate well in advance. 
Of course, the damage to the city was significant but we did everything we could to minimize it. 
Nunnally: But now... we'll have to use the weapons on people, on Lelouch and his followers. 
Schneizel: If they stand in the way of world peace, we'll have no choice. 
Nunnally: Schneizel, please. 
Will you let me have the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
firing switch to hold on to? 
I can't fight battles or defend my country or my people, so at the very least I want this sin to be on my shoulders. 
Cornelia: Schneizel, may I please have a word with you? 
Lelouch: C.C., why didn't you find out about Nunnally? 
C.C: I'm certainly not a god. 
I can only read people if they're connected to the power of Geass. 
Lelouch: Schneizel, you knew but you kept the truth from me all this time. 
Just so you could play this card at the right moment! 
Still the way that you shuffled the deck was more than artful. 
It was remarkable and effective! 
Suzaku: Lelouch! 
Our strategic objectives unchanged. 
We can't stop this just because we found out that Nunnally is still alive. 
Or the Zero Requiem will have no meaning! 
Remember your promise. 
C.C: Suzaku. 
Suzaku: I am his sword. 
It's my job to rid him of his enemies and his own weakness. 
And you C.C. you must be his shield. 
C.C: Huh? 
Suzaku: You job is to protect him. 
C.C: We do things as you like. 
Suzaku: Lelouch is your accomplice, isn't he? 
C.C: My accomplice, huh? 
Cecile: The F.L.E.I.J.A. 
they used on Pendragon had ten times the effective range as the one used on the Tokyo settlement. 
If they haven't developed the new model, then...

Nina: They've removed the limiter. 
Lloyd: Bingo. 
Nina: By removing both effect range and detonation time limiter... 
Prince Schneizel, how could you...



Schneizel: Yes, what about it? 
Cornelia: You mean the people of Pendragon were...

Schneizel: I made them... vanish. 
It was better for them than a life swearing loyalty to Lelouch, wouldn't you say? 
Cornelia: They're are our own people. 
And you told Nunnally...

Schneizel: Lies are expedient. 
There's no need to tell Nunnally things that would get in the way of her opposition to Lelouch, is there? 
She'll never know the difference. 
Cornelia: You use everyone? 
Even your own sister? 
Schneizel: Cornelia. 
What is it that people truly want? 
Starvation and poverty. 
Discrimination and corruption. 
War and terrorism. 
They want the problems that are flooding the world to go away forever. 
People can't understand each other under these situations at all. 
Cornelia: Your theories don't justify butchering civilians! 
Schneizel: Even civilians who have rejected war depend on the police, don't they? 
Everyone knows, don't they? 
That people are driven by their own desires. 
The lust that dwells within the soul of man cannot be denied. 
So why win hearts and minds or tout some shining ideology. 
Why not bring peace to the world with the system 'power'? 
In ten days, Damocles will enter the air space of the United States of China. 
And then switch over to secondary acceleration. 
After that, we're scheduled to ascend 300 kilometers above the surface. 
From there, we will hit every enemy nations with F.L.E.I.J.A.s. 
Cornelia: Are you insane? 
We only agreed to use them against Lelouch. 
This will destroy the world! 
You're trying to control people through fear! 
Schneizel: Mankind's history is war. 
Peace is an illusion. 
To turn an illusion into reality is an arduous task. 
It requires discipline. 
Cornelia: And you plan to discipline the entire human race all by yourself? 
Only a god could pull that off. 
Schneizel: Then I shall become a god. 
If that is what it takes to bring peace to the world. 
Cornelia: You're derange. 
Diethard: Magnificent! 
I knew I was right to change sides and support you! 
Surpassing Zero's chaos with a state of perfect nothingness and kaleidoscopic transformation! 
Kanon: Prince Schneizel, we've made contact with the Black Knights. 
They say if you plan to kill Lelouch, they're willing to join you immediately. 
Schneizel: Thank you, Kanon. 
Those who have experienced Lelouch's tyranny first hand will have no alternative but to choose the lesser of evils. 
Cornelia: Is that why you stay back and let Lelouch get away with this until now? 
Schneizel: It was a way to minimize the damage. 
But in the end, if we have to sacrifice one or two billion lives to achieve a state of permanent peace...

Cornelia: You're wrong! 
Peace attained by force is not peace! 
Schneizel: This is so sad, Cornelia. 
Sayoko: Schneizel had maneuvered us. 
He had another escape plane as a decoy during the battle of Tokyo. 
And so...

Jeremiah: The plane destroyed by the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
was the decoy. 
Sayoko: That's right. 
And now he's trying to use Miss Nunnally to control Master Lelouch. 
Jeremiah: You're Japanese, aren't you? 
Why come to Master Lelouch instead of the Black Knights? 
You're devoted to chivalry as well, aren't you? 
Sayoko: Perhaps there's some truth to that. 
C.C: I'm impressed. 
You didn't drop your mask in front of Nunnally. 
Lelouch: No matter what angle I use to attack the problem, the answer was always the same. 
The conclusion I came to then wasn't wrong. 
C.C: Lelouch, haven't you done enough? 
You've handled this well. 
Lelouch: You understand why I'm doing this evil, don't you? 
Besides, under the rule of Damocles people would become lifeless puppets. 
C.C: That's true. 
But Nunnally is aboard Damocles. 
Everything you've done from the beginning was for her. 
Lelouch: I can't treat her differently any longer. 
So many people have died since this began. 
For their sakes, we have to see it through to the end, don't we, C.C.? 
C.C: Yes. 
You're right, Lelouch. 
Kallen: Are you sure you want to join with us? 
It means you'd be fighting against Britannia. 
Gino: You know? 
Right now... right now I think I understand your feelings just a bit. 
Kallen: Uh, well, thanks, I guess. 
Gino: I beg your pardon? 
Xingke: Pendragon was the capital of the Holy Britannian Empire. 
With its destruction, their internal government is paralyzed. 
Tohdoh: They're confronting our Black Knights forces in every part of the world. 
So they're pinned down everywhere. 
Xianglin: In short, the only force Lelouch can deploy against us is the division he brought to reoccupy Japan. 
But the balance of power can be tipped for him at any time. 
To minimize damage, we cannot hesitate. 
The time to confront him is now. 
Xingke: Since Schneizel has now agreed to join us our forces are evenly matched with the enemy. 
Our intention is not the approval of the Damocles's use of F.L.E.I.J.A.s, its bringing unity to the world is our first priority. 
This battle...



Lelouch: This battle is the ultimate test. 
Control of the entire world is at stake. 
If we defeat Schneizel and Black Knights then there will be no one left to stand in our way. 
This world shall be destroyed and then recreated by Lelouch, the one true emperor of Britannia. 
Crush them! 
Destroy Schneizel! 
And the sky fortress Damocles! 
Crush them all! 
We have nothing to fear. 
My name is the future of this world! 
Soldiers: All hail Lelouch! 
Schneizel: Lelouch has spread malice and turmoil all across the globe. 
As the enemy of peace, he must be wiped out. 
It is time for the Black Knights and for us, to cast aside the grudges of the past and join forces. 
The people of the world are waiting for our song of victory. 
I pray that for all time this shall be the last battle in the last war that mankind will ever need to fight. 
Kallen: Oh, Lelouch...

Anya: I'll make both of you into records on my hard drive. 
Kanon: Are you sure Anya will be all right in a battle? 
I know you promised to restore her memory, Your Highness, but...

Schneizel: We need every bit of battle strength we have. 
So... Oh? 
An open channel? 
Lelouch: Official greeting, Schneizel. 
Schneizel: Lelouch, if you're going to surrender, now is the time. 
We have an arsenal of F.L.E.I.J.A.s ready to launch. 
Lelouch: F.L.E.I.J.A.s? 
I wonder if you dare to use them. 
Considering that I have all the U.F.N. 
representatives aboard the Avalon with me. 
Xingke: He's hiding behind the hostages he took. 
Kallen: I can't believe he'd go this far! 
Lelouch: So, Schneizel. 
These people are from all over the world, they're not related to you. 
Schneizel: You're right. 
They're not. 
Their lives are a small price to pay. 
Xingke: Schneizel, you can't attack! 
Schneizel: I understand that the U.F.N. 
members have elected acting representatives to speak for them. 
Xingke: We are prepared for the worst and we know how dire this is. 
But that doesn't mean we're going to throw their lives away on a gamble! 
Schneizel: Li Xingke, aside from the Damocles our strike force consists only of the Mordred. 
If you're going to tie our hands so we can't use the F.L.E.I.J.A.s, then I request that you put me in charge of all our united forces. 
Xingke: We're facing Lelouch! 
Schneizel: Exactly. 
I've never lost to Lelouch. 
Ever. 
And I know him far better than anyone on this battlefield. 
Xingke: Understood. 
Deploy the Shen Hu. 
Transmit the command structure to all forces. 
Hinata: Yes, sir. 
Lelouch: Then shall we let the game play out, brother. 
Schneizel: Indeed. 
Kanon, it's just as you predicted. 
Kanon: Yes. 
The Black Knights are now yours to command, Your Highness. 
Schneizel: Transmit pattern sigma to all forces. 
Cecile: Enemy fleets all in motion. 
Deploying into a wide-field aerial formation. 
Lelouch: He's using conventional forces. 
Good. 
Stretch our left wing. 
Assume Half-Moon Spear formation. 
Cecile: Yes, Your Majesty. 
Kanon: Their main wings are undermanned. 
Schneizel: Have Gino's unit advance. 
Keep the enemy's left wing from extending. 
Gino: Yes, Your Highness. 
Lelouch: Checking my move? 
Reverse the direction of our left wing. 
Cecile: That'll break up our formation. 
Lelouch: Do it. 
Schneizel: Gino, hold your advance now. 
Gino: But why? 
We should strike where they're in disarray. 
Schneizel: It's a false opening. 
I'm not buying it. 
Lelouch: Not falling for it, huh? 
Switch our battle plan to Ursa Major formation. 
Schneizel: Sixth unit, follow Anya and move to the north east. 
Elevate 40 degrees. 
Lelouch: Bombardiers, prep for anti-air combat. 
Schneizel: Anya, stop there, climb 200 meters and stabilize. 
Tamaki: What the hell! 
Nobody is fighting! 
Tohdoh: You're wrong. 
Contests fought between two masters are decided instantly. 
Xingke: And an invisible battle is now raging between the two of them. 
Nina: We have to hurry. 
They're going to attack each other any moment now. 
Cecile: They're surrounding us! 
Lelouch: Countermove! 
Reinforce the front line with Suzaku's Lancelot. 
Hold at combat speed 4! 
And send out Ward's unit. 
Schneizel: Aha, you haven't changed, Lelouch. 
You'd rather attack my front line than defend your own flanks. 
I now have a small window. 
Xingke? 
Xingke: He's already incorporated our skill levels. 
Cecile: The enemy's left wing is breaking away! 
Jeremiah: Stand fast! 
Live up to His Majesty's trust in us! 
Kallen: If we can defeat Lelouch, this will be over! 
Chiba: If we smash their line, it'll be a free-for-all! 
Jeremiah: They're punching through! 
Lelouch: They're cutting us to pieces. 
Cecile: Should I have Suzaku fall back? 
Lelouch: No. 
That's what Schneizel wants us to do. 
Draw in the battle line! 
Fall back and regroup. 
Kanon: Their fleet is damaged and falling back. 
Xingke: Don't lose the momentum! 
Push forward! 
Guren, you're too far out! 
Match pace with us, we can surround them! 
Kallen: I understand, but...

Xingke: Don't rush! 
If we beat their vanguard, we'll isolate the Avalon! 
Cecile: The Dreadnought is destroyed! 
They're breaking through! 
Lelouch: So that's how it stands. 
I don't wish to engage the Black Knights as formidable enemies. 
However my side has motive. 
Soldier: For His Majesty! 
Tohdoh: It's heart-rending. 
Seeing soldiers controlled by the false power of Geass. 
And so...! 
Schneizel: This is the moment. 
Smash both wings! 
Minami: Bow-mounted hadron scatter canon, now set! 
Minase: Move the 7th squad out of the firing angle. 
Hinata: Gefjun control, sync. 
Futaba: Ready to fire! 
Xianglin: Target both enemy wings, and fire! 
Ohgi: Zero, with all of us working together, we can defeat you! 
Diethard: It seems that Lelouch badly underestimated the fighting skills of the Black Knights. 
Suzaku: Well, Lelouch! 
Lelouch: Right. 
They've shown great skills forcing me to use this plan. 
Xingke: Damn it! 
Minase: Energy chain reaction! 
Below us! 
Ohgi: What? 
Impossible! 
He timed this to...! 
Tohdoh: All forces, deploy radiant shields! 
Ohgi: Zero...! 
Ohgi: I was the one who first acknowledged his leadership and encouraged the others to follow him. 
So I'm responsible for all of this. 
But I don't want a new life caught up in it. 
I know this is a selfish request. 
But I want you to stay here on Horai island. 
Please...

Kallen: Ohgi, please respond! 
Minami! 
Rakshata! 
Diethard: It can't be! 
Kanon: He used the Sakuradite in the Fuji mines. 
Schneizel: Yes, he has. 
Destroying his own ground forces as well. 
Xingke: I was careless. 
So that was Lelouch's tactical plan. 
But how could he sacrifice his own forces! 
C.C: This has drastically depleted the enemy strength. 
Which leaves Damocles...

Suzaku: ...wide open! 
Schneizel: In reality, it's you who's been checked and you brought it on yourself. 
Nunnally, targeting is complete. 
Now that the Black Knights have been smashed, we must use the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
's power. 
Nunnally: Yes. 
With this act, I will wipe away my brother's sins. 
Cecile: Incoming! 
It's a F.L.E.I.J.A.! 
Lelouch: So it's finally launched. 
Special division 3! 
Soldier: Yes, Your Majesty! 
Schneizel: It's useless. 
It can't be stopped. 
The F.L.E.I.J.A. 
went critical the moment it was fired from the Damocles. 
Lelouch: Avalon, continue to fall back. 
All units, charge at the Damocles. 
Force them to keep launching the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warheads until their arsenal is empty. 
Tamaki: Ohgi! 
Ohgi! 
Kallen: Ohgi, please! 
Tamaki: This is no time to play dead. 
Ohgi: I don't believe it. 
You two shielded us? 
Tamaki: We're only able to protect the bridge, though. 
You are on your own now. 
Hang in there. 
Let's go, Kallen! 
Kallen: Oh great. 
Who's the guy giving orders. 
Lelouch: Now that I've used the Fuji plan, and considering the number of remaining F.L.E.I.J.A. 
warheads, I'm at a disadvantage of one move. 
Meaning I have to depend on Nina now. 
Can she do it? 
I know she hates me. 
Detests me for being Zero, Euphy's murderer, the enemy of her precious Britannia which I now rule. 
Yet, to defeat Schneizel...

Schneizel: I wonder. 
Do you really think you can defeat me, Lelouch? 
Because if you do, you're at the end of your path. 
A man who has not mastered the use of the mask can never prevail. 
Lelouch:
Suzaku and I together, there was nothing we couldn't accomplish. 
That's what I thought, but now, Schneizel has proven an unrelenting foe. 
The truth is, it's his detachment, his lack of desire. 
A man coldly focused, who understands the Geass and possesses the F.L.E.I.J.A.s, what strategy does he pursue? 
Is there any tactic that's gonna work on a battlefield where F.L.E.I.J.A.s rain down from the sky? 
I have one last gamble. 
One final card to play! 
And it lies within Schneizel's own heart. 
Minami: Ohgi, are you sure you wanna go through with this? 
Ohgi: Yeah, I have a duty to get everyone to safety. 
Minami: But...

Ohgi: No. 
I'm just sorry I did this to you, everyone in a battle field controlled by F.L.E.I.J.A.s. 
Kallen: Another F.L.E.I.J.A. 
strike...

Cecile: Twammi fleet is totally obliterated. 
The operation...

Lelouch: I'm not going to stop it. 
Stay just out of the Damocles range. 
The Avalon falls back as ordered. 
All units, attack in waves and force the Damocles to continue launching F.L.E.I.J.A.s. 
Nunnally: How easily. 
It's so easy... for me to...

Schneizel: Nunnally, we're ready to fire the next one. 
Nunnally: Right. 
Lelouch: It renders tactics useless. 
Jeremiah: However, if I cat get within a tight range, they won't be able to use it! 
A blaze luminous! 
Sayoko: But it's so immense. 
Cecile: The Damocles was specially designed and built to achieve absolute air superiority. 
If it reaches a certain altitude, we'll lose our only chance against it! 
Lelouch: Suzaku, can you break through those defenses? 
Suzaku: I'm trying. 
But their power output is in a different league than mine. 
But I don't think they can fire a F.L.E.I.J.A. 
now. 
C.C: And in turn, our attacks can't break through their shield, we may as well be spectators. 
Sayoko: Is there nothing left but for the world to accept to cower before the crushing might of the F.L.E.I.J.A.s? 
Lloyd: Well, that offers a sort of peace, too. 
Lelouch: Mass our remaining forces around the Avalon. 
We're going to launch a direct assault on the Damocles with our hostages on board. 
Lloyd: Sure about that? 
Lelouch: Your return here means it's nearly figured out, I presume. 
Lloyd: The rest depends on you and Suzaku, Your Majesty. 
Xingke: Schneizel, are you trying to kill the captives, too? 
Schneizel: Now that the Black Knights have been beaten...

Xingke: We aren't beaten yet! 
Schneizel: Very well then. 
I'll wait ten minutes. 
Xingke: Ten minutes? 
Schneizel: Aren't you talking to me because you're already in position to counterattack? 
Xingke: All right, fine. 
Ten minutes. 
Kanon: That's a hefty loan, sir. 
Considering we need ten minutes to prep the next shot. 
Schneizel: It saves me from dealing with them after the battle. 
Diethard: Are you saying you don't need the Black Knights anymore? 
Schneizel: What purpose would a collective military strength possibly serve? 
Milly: Hey, Rivalz. 
Rivalz: What's up, Prez? 
Milly: It's amazing. 
I mean, when you think about it, our student council members are fighting the whole world. 
Rivalz: What? 
Is that sarcasm? 
'cause I wasn't able to protect Nina. 
Correct? 
Milly: Don't beat yourself up. 
You did your very best. 
Rivalz: I tried. 
But I...

Milly: No. 
You really did. 
Lelouch: From behind? 
Suzaku: The Black Knights! 
Xingke: I'll defeat you myself, I swear! 
Lelouch: Sneaking from behind, Xingke! 
Suzaku: I won't let the Avalon be shot down! 
Xingke, you're fail! 
Xingke: Justice weighs on my side! 
Suzaku: It's over! 
What the...?! 
Tohdoh: Kururugi! 
Suzaku: You dare fighting in your condition? 
Tohdoh: You turned your back on your country in order to climb in rank. 
So here's the ugly way it ends! 
What is this you fight for? 
Suzaku: The one thing I want to fight for is a future! 
Tohdoh: Your future is worthless! 
I've failed...

Chiba: General! 
Suzaku: Damn it! 
Schneizel: Oh? 
They've done better than I expected. 
Soldier: Primary float system damaged. 
Damage level 75%. 
Lelouch: It's failed. 
The Avalon is falling. 
Suzaku: I can't let them board it! 
Tamaki: Hold it, hold it, hold it! 
Okay now to settle things once and for... Huh? 
I'm not giving in... 
I've got pride too, you know? 
Suzaku: I wasn't in time! 
Did they get in? 
Xingke: If we engage them in close combat, we have a chance to take over their power and communications. 
Then rescue the hostages! 
Xianglin: We hear and obey! 
Lelouch: Holding out this long was good enough. 
Land the ship in the Pacific. 
You'll now follow mission Apate Aletheia. 
Sayoko: Master Lelouch...

Lelouch: You have served me well. 
I'm grateful for the resolve you've all shown. 
Everyone: Yes, Your Majesty. 
Arthur: Meow. 
Schneizel: Should we fire another F.L.E.I.J.A. 
now? 
Kanon: We still have our blaze luminous and should wait for criticality. 
Schneizel: Good point. 
But it's an excellent opportunity to eliminate the Black Knights. 
No, I suppose we shouldn't. 
That's too ambitious. 
Lelouch: Yes, I understand. 
This is a personal request from me. 
However...

Nina: It was Princess Euphemia's wish, too, wasn't it? 
Lelouch: Yes. 
Which is why I have to do it. 
Nina: But for the device to be completed, the environmental data needs to be entered into the final program. 
You should let me go with you. 
Lelouch: No. 
You've done enough for me, Nina. 
What you just said reveals your true feelings about this. 
Yes. 
You've done enough for me, for Zero, Euphy's murderer. 
Nina: I won't find it in my heart to forgive Zero. 
Maybe not for the rest of my life. 
But... this is separate from that. 
I simply had to find my own answer to everything that's happened. 
That's all there is to it. 
Lelouch: You're truly amazing. 
-height: 1.5;">Lelouch-height: 1.5;">: C.C., are you all right? 
C.C: Well, that's a switch. 
Were you really worried about me? 
Lelouch: You're a valued combatant. 
C.C: That's why I came to pick that up. 
Lelouch: Then, will you be escorting me? 
C.C: You're going out there? 
Though taking such action can mean you'll have to kill Nunnally yourself. 
Lelouch: I have no choice if she stands in the way of the Zero Requiem. 
C.C: Lelouch, don't you hate me for cheating you out of your own life? 
By giving you your Geass, I affected your life and drastically changed your fate. 
Lelouch: That doesn't sound like you, the immortal witch. 
C.C., the Geass power you gave me, it only put me on the path that will lead to my destiny and nothing more. 
Everything that followed was my choice. 
C.C: In all my life, I've never met a man like you. 
Lelouch: C.C... Kallen! 
Kallen: I'm going to stop you! 
Good bye, Lelouch. 
C.C: Leave this to me. 
Get to the Damocles! 
Kallen: You stubborn! 
Lelouch: Stop! 
You're no match for the Guren. 
C.C: I'm sincerely glad that you care, Lelouch. 
Now go on. 
Hurry. 
Just make sure you come back. 
That'll make me smile, okay? 
Lelouch: Yes. 
I promise you. 
I have to succeed no matter what. 
This move must work! 
Soldier: Enemy Knightmares approaching. 
The Shinkiro is leading them. 
Schneizel: Lower the blaze luminous away from the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
launch tube immediately. 
We're going to redirect our aim at the Shinkiro. 
Lelouch, discarding your life at the end? 
How unsightly. 
Soldier: Realignment, complete. 
Schneizel: Nunnally, it ends now. 
Can you do this? 
Nunnally: Yes. 
Brother Schneizel. 
Soldier: Blaze luminous lowered. 
Schneizel: Now. 
Lelouch: Right. 
Entering data. 
Nina: The F.L.E.I.J.A. 
changes composition from moment to moment. 
If we collide it with the reaction corresponding to that composition, we can prevent it from reaching criticality. 
Lloyd: However you need to input the local environmental data just prior to the detonation within a 19 second time frame. 
Cecile: And even if you complete the program, you'll only have 0.04 seconds to execute. 
Schneizel: With this, peace will come. 
Lelouch: Suzaku! 
Suzaku: Yes, Your Majesty! 
Lelouch: Now! 
Nina: It should work in theory. 
But... Princess Euphemia...! 
Kanon: The F.L.E.I.J.A.? 
Diethard: It disappeared? 
Nina: It worked? 
They did it? 
In 19 seconds and then in 0.04 seconds? 
Schneizel: I didn't expect them to have made a toy like that. 
Lelouch: Ready? 
Fly in! 
Kanon: They've gotten through the blaze? 
Schneizel: They have indeed. 
Soldier: Enemy infiltration, alpha-3! 
Nunnally: Where's the key? 
I must find the Damocles key! 
Soldier: Delta block, communications cut! 
Soldier: Float control room 6 has been destroyed! 
Soldier: Prince Schneizel! 
Schneizel: My kudos, Lelouch. 
I salute you. 
For forcing me to implement my final plan. 
Kanon: Huh? 
You're really going to do that? 
Schneizel: Yes. 
Turn the Damocles into a prison for Lelouch and the others. 
After we've abandoned ship, we'll obliterate the Damocles entirely with the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
What a fine coffin for him. 
I'm certain you'll be pleased with it, Lelouch. 
Suzaku: If Damocles reaches satellite orbit, even the Lancelot would be useless against it. 
To win we need to stop Schneizel. 
Lelouch: I'm analyzing the internal structure. 
I have to break the password. 
What? 
Lelouch: Gino! 
Gino: Lelouch, I refuse to accept you and your Britannia. 
I'll destroy you here and now. 
Lelouch: How is it... so powerful! 
Suzaku: Gino! 
Gino: Suzaku! 
Suzaku: Lelouch, go on ahead. 
There's an enemy to be defeated and someone to be rescued. 
It's all up to you. 
Go! 
Lelouch: Right. 
Gino: Coward! 
Suzaku: You insist on fighting me, Gino? 
Gino: Yes, I will do whatever it takes to protect something I love. 
Suzaku: And I'm fighting for the same reason! 
Gino: To protect what? 
Lelouch: Is Schneizel on the control and command floor? 
Or else could it be... 
Soldier: Seventh sequence, F.L.E.I.J.A. 
detonation point's set to within the Damocles. 
Schneizel: Damocles and F.L.E.I.J.A.s are simply machines in the end. 
We can always rebuild them. 
Kanon: But sir, you know the Tromo Agency doesn't have the resources. 
Nor does Rosenberg. 
Schneizel: Yes. 
But Lelouch is now the enemy of the world. 
If it turns out that our system has destroyed him, there will be plenty of organizations happy to build F.L.E.I.J.A.s for us. 
Kanon: Isn't that basically terrorism? 
Besides, there's Princess Nunnally's opinion to consider also. 
Diethard: Why care what she says. 
Bait has no opinion. 
Kanon: What do you mean? 
You're abandoning her? 
Schneizel: World peace or a single life. 
It's sad to say, but one cannot be compared with the other. 
Nunnally: Where is it... where is the key? 
I have to stop Lelouch. 
Jeremiah: We have to hold out here. 
Until His Majesty completes his mission! 
Anya: I despise what Lelouch is now. 
Jeremiah: The Knight of Six? 
Now that's a fitting opponent for me. 
Kallen: You have no country. 
You have nothing to avenge! 
You also don't have a shred of ambition! 
Someone who has no reason to fight should just leave! 
C.C: I've made a reason to fight. 
A promise. 
Kallen: Are you saying that you love Lelouch? 
C.C: I don't know. 
But I believe that the time has finally arrived for me to stop accumulating experiences and start living. 
Kallen: That makes you sound almost human. 
C.C: Well done. 
Kallen, I can see it you win. 
Kallen: Don't care. 
'cause to me it doesn't matter. 
Bye, now. 
C.C: Winning or losing, I never would have thought that those feelings were still inside me alive and well. 
Nunnally: The key... where is the key? 
It's got to be here... 
I have to stop Lelouch... And it's all up to me to do it. 
If only I could... 
Soldier: Standing by to launch. 
Rendezvous point with Sir Hartgren as planned. 
No changes. 
Course, clear. 
Ceiling, favorable. 
Please set contact channel to Victor. 
Lelouch: I've been waiting for you, Schneizel. 
Schneizel: I see. 
I suppose this means that you have me in checkmate. 
Please tell me. 
I'm dying to know. 
Just how did you discover what my plan was. 
Lelouch: You're mistaken. 
What I anticipated was the pattern of your own nature. 
Schneizel: My nature? 
Lelouch: You don't have the desire to win. 
You remember that chess match at the Vermilion Forbidden City. 
And the coup d'etat of the Black Knights. 
You only play games you can't lose. 
Schneizel: So you predicted that I will abandon the Damocles? 
Lelouch: Schneizel, this time I'm going to make sure that you lose. 
Schneizel: Meaning I'll be put to death. 
Xingke: Hong Gu, move from corridor 3 to take the bridge. 
U.F.N. 
representatives...

Tianzi: Xingke! 
Xingke: Your Majesty, you're all right? 
Tianzi: Yes. 
We were saved by those people over there. 
Sayoko: That's correct. 
Master Xingke, we're now on your side. 
Xingke: You all betrayed Lelouch, then? 
Tianzi: Huh? 
Sayoko: And for a valid reason he's threatened us. 
However, now that Lelouch is no longer here...

Kaguya: At the very least, we believe that the others think dictatorship is wrong, and we'll never support it. 
Xingke: Very well, then. 
Villetta: Yes. 
The final battle will most likely take place within the Damocles. 
Ohgi, I mean, the secretary general...

Claudio: Either way, you're saying he's okay, right? 
Villetta: Yes. 
Cornelia: My brother didn't kill me. 
I'm still here after all I've said and done. 
In a more normal world he would be an excellent ruler. 
He hasn't driven by the ambition that egoists have. 
I was a fool not to have seen that. 
Wouldn't you agree? 
Guilford: Princess, I...

Cornelia: Guilford, you're never going to stop calling me that, are you? 
Lelouch: I have a question. 
Were you intending to use the Damocles as a tool to dominate the world? 
Schneizel: I wasn't. 
I only wanted to give everyone what they wanted. 
To bring peace to civilization. 
Lelouch: Disregarding humanity's true nature? 
Schneizel: That's a matter of opinion. 
Lelouch: Then you actually imagine that you can maintain the world in a perpetual state of now. 
But, life without change might be called anything except life. 
It's nothing more than experience. 
Schneizel: But, link those together and they become knowledge, right? 
Lelouch: Schneizel, you truly are superior. 
So superior you can't even see it. 
Yes. 
Emperor Charles sought the past, you seek the present. 
But I seek the future. 
Schneizel: But the future may prove to be worse than the present. 
Lelouch: No. 
It will be better. 
Because no matter how long it takes, people will continue to seek out happiness. 
Schneizel: Even though that will end up making people greedy. 
Your foolery also knows no limit. 
You're really too emotional about this. 
Hope and dreams are merely names for aimless fiction. 
Lelouch: You're restricted. 
Since you belong to the symbol known as the royal family, which looks down on the world. 
I've seen it over and over. 
The people who struggle against sadness, those who seek the future. 
How they all carry on wishing for happiness. 
Human nature is why I chose Geass and to wear a mask. 
Schneizel: Lelouch, you're contradicting yourself. 
You, who continually deny the will of others, are standing here before us affirming the will of humanity. 
That's enough. 
Kill me now and be done with it. 
But, a F.L.E.I.J.A. 
will still decimate you. 
We will gladly give our lives to bring peace to the world. 
Lelouch: And that's how I came to my decision that I give you the gift of the words. 
You shall serve Zero. 
Schneizel: Then you never intended to kill me at all. 
You wanted to...! 
Kanon: Highness...

Diethard: Damn it! 
Why didn't I see it coming... 
He anticipated Schneizel's thoughts and recorded that conversation. 
Schneizel: Order me to do whatever you wish, Master Zero. 
Lelouch: Schneizel, your willingness to let yourself be killed, is exactly what is led you to be defeated. 
Diethard: Don't move! 
Zero, this story is finished! 
You never should've come this far! 
You shouldn't even be alive, you bastard! 
Lelouch: What right have you to deny my existence. 
You have none. 
Kanon: Prince Schneizel, a man who sacrifices his own life without any hesitation. 
Such is the power of Geass. 
Diethard: Zero, at least finish me with your Geass, too...

Lelouch: Sorry, Diethard. 
You're just not worth wasting my Geass on. 
Now Schneizel. 
You can begin by canceling the self destruct for the Damocles. 
Schneizel: Understood. 
However Nunnally is the one who has the F.L.E.I.J.A. 
control switch. 
Suzaku: It doesn't matter how strong you made your machine, you won't beat me! 
Gino: We'll see about that! 
Suzaku: And this is the result, Gino. 
Gino: Now I've done what I came to do here. 
Suzaku: He damaged the blaze luminous system? 
Gino: Now, Kallen! 
Kallen: Thanks, Gino! 
Suzaku, I've come to end it. 
Our continually crossing paths. 
Nunnally: It's you, isn't it, big brother? 
Lelouch: It is. 
Nunnally: The reason you're here must be this. 
Did you come for the Damocles key? 
Lelouch: Yes. 
It's dangerous. 
Dangerous to you. 
Nunnally: Then that's why... why I won't close my eyes to things any longer. 
Lelouch: She's broken father's Geass... with her own will? 
Nunnally: Now Lelouch. 
Will you use your Geass? 
On me as well? 
Lelouch: Perhaps I've only been wandering since that day we first met. 
I was so sick of a world that never changed. 
But I couldn't give in to the despair by telling lies to myself. 
Yes, my name, my personal history, the power I've gained... Maybe it's all been the path for me at the end of which I'll find the truth. 
Perhaps that's what I've sought all along. 
Well, then...
  
Nunnally: This is the first time in eight years I've seen your face. 
The face of a brother and a murderer. 
And I wear the same face as well, don't I, Lelouch? 
Lelouch: Then, it's been you firing the F.L.E.I.J.A.s up until now. 
Nunnally: Yes. 
I wanted to stop it all. 
Just to stop you, I would have done whatever I had to. 
Even if it meant killing my big brother. 
That's why I can't allow you to have control of the F.L.E.I.J.A.s., why I can't hand this key to you. 
And I wouldn't even if you... even if you use your Geass on me! 
Lelouch: Use Geass on Nunnally? 
It's true. 
Time after time I've wanted to use it on her. 
At the very least I wanted to use it to cure her blindness. 
The power of the king. 
But Nunnally was the reason for everything I've done. 
So I could never use Geass's power of absolute submission on her. 
But now... no, I can't! 
If I resort to twisting my own sister's will, then I'm...

----------- [OP]

Suzaku: Kallen, are you determined to defy me? 
Kallen: It's clear to me now that I misjudged you, Suzaku. 
Even though we're on opposite sides and methods differ from one another, I always thought you cared about Japan in your own way. 
But now...

Suzaku: There's something that I... that Lelouch and I have to do. 
Kallen: I see. 
You really crave power that much. 
In that case...

Suzaku: In that case, what? 
Kallen: You mustn't be allowed to live, Suzaku. 
I'm going to defeat you and stop Lelouch! 
Suzaku: No, that won't happen. 
Milly: You're having any second thoughts about not running away? 
Rivalz: Just where exactly would I be running to? 
Milly: You have a point, Rivalz. 
Rivalz: What I wish for... is to enjoy fun-filled days with the old gang again. 
The way we used to. 
Milly: I do miss them. 
Jeremiah: You, power without a master! 
Anya: You, who have something to depend on. 
A weak man. 
Chiba: Stop! 
Please! 
You're too badly wounded! 
Tohdoh: No, I have to take responsibility for starting this. 
Because that's what allows me the right to lead others. 
Nunnally: Lelouch, you have no right to seize control of the world. 
You of all people who took the name Zero then bent the will of so many in order to serve your own. 
Lelouch: Are you saying we would have been better off to remain in hiding? 
Did you want a future of living in constant fear of assassination? 
This was for your future, too, Nunnally. 
Nunnally: My future? 
When did I ever say that I wanted this. 
Lelouch, I would have been perfectly satisfied by just living with you. 
Lelouch: Don't you see? 
All reality is restricted by all sorts of things. 
Our whole history is struggle. 
Kallen: That's the reason I've been fighting on the side of resistance! 
Suzaku: You could've use the system to achieve your ideals! 
Kallen: But what about the others? 
Those people who aren't allowed into the system? 
How are they ever be able to voice their objection to anything? 
Suzaku: You...! 
Kallen: Don't you dare look down on others, you elitist! 
Suzaku: What about those who have no choice but to join the system? 
What's fair? 
Tohdoh: When you follow the methods of an aggressor, then you're only serving to legitimize them. 
Chiba: But if you go into battle now, you'll die! 
Tohdoh: Why you...! 
And you call yourself a...! 
I apologize... 
This is the only way I know how to live...

Chiba: Kyoshiro! 
Tianzi: Why do people always have to fight? 
Xingke: I fight because there is something that I must protect! 
Cornelia: It may be that we can no longer find morality or sense of dignity in our warfare. 
Villetta: Regardless, I still needed to belong somewhere. 
Ohgi: For that reason alone we fought. 
Naoto, this is really the best thing for us? 
Lloyd: You know what they say, war is the mother of invention. 
Rakshata: Nonsense, Earl of Pudding. 
You don't care one bit whether or not your invention benefits mankind. 
Nina, was it? 
What about you, huh? 
Nina: I was just... doing whatever I could...

Cecile: You see, we simply didn't want it to happen again. 
Rakshata: Oh? 
However, people are subject to weakness. 
Tamaki: That's right. 
Even I have dreams, don't I? 
But now they're telling me I don't have any right to them. 
They don't think I'm able to fight, but I can. 
Why does everyone treat me like a fool? 
Futaba: Poor guy. 
C.C: I've seen it before. 
I've seen it over and over. 
Human history is one of struggle. 
Even so...

Suzaku: The world and people in it, they'll never be what we want them to be! 
Kallen: So now you force them? 
That's your solution? 
That's plain...

Nunnally: Despicable! 
Using Geass, a power that manipulates the minds of people and violates their human dignity. 
Lelouch: Then what about the Damocles? 
So would you agree that's a despicable method that forces people to obey? 
Nunnally: The Damocles... will become a symbol of their hatred. 
All their hatred will be focused here. 
That way people can move toward the future. 
Lelouch: I see. 
You have the same idea, Nunnally. 
In that case... Lelouch vi Britannia commands you! 
Hand over the Damocles key to me now! 
Nunnally: No! 
No, I mustn't give it to you. 
I mustn't do it! 
All the sins you've committed... Take this. 
It's yours now. 
Jeremiah: Why you...! 
Impudent! 
Anya: Memorize recording, complete. 
Jeremiah: Not quite! 
Fire! 
Memorize this! 
Memorize Jeremiah Gottwald! 
Commit it to memory! 
Because that's the memorable name of the man who has defeated you! 
Anya: Memory? 
What memory? 
I remember nothing. 
I have no memories. 
Jeremiah: No memories? 
Could it be...? 
Gino: C'mon Tristan. 
Move it! 
Just let me fly, will you? 
Kallen: The radiant wave surger is out of ammo. 
Suzaku: Now my shield energy is exhausted, too. 
Kallen: Big deal! 
Suzaku: I can't beat her! 
Even using the Geass I'm cursed with! 
Your strength is unimaginable, Kallen. 
Kallen: My machine has better specs than yours, yet... Why... Why you the strong...? 
Do the right thing! 
Suzaku: Let's end this once and for all! 
Kallen: If only... you have justice on your side! 
Kallen: What happened? 
You mean I didn't get him, then? 
Suzaku: You're wrong. 
You've got me all right, Kallen. 
Gino: You won. 
You beat him, Kallen. 
Lelouch: Nunnally, you've grown up following your own thoughts without help from others. 
Which means I am now free to follow the path that I must take to my destiny. 
I thank you. 
I love you, little sister. 
Nunnally: You used your Geass on me, didn't you? 
Come back! 
Stop, Lelouch! 
Wait! 
You become a demon, Lelouch! 
Despicable! 
Cowardly! 
How can you... how can you so be cruel...



Kaguya: The traitorous knight Suzaku Kururugi has reportedly been killed. 
Aren't you going to beg for your life to be spared? 
Even for his sake at least? 
C.C: Kaguya, you never knew Lelouch's true face until recently, isn't that right? 
Kaguya: What of it? 
C.C: Well, in spite of that, you still understood a bit of his true nature. 
So you're obviously a very kind young woman. 
Kaguya: Huh? 
Lelouch: Attention, entire world! 
Hear my proclamation! 
I am Lelouch vi Britannia. 
Emperor of the Holy Britannian Empire and your only ruler. 
Xingke: It's not possible! 
If Lelouch used the F.L.E.I.J.A., then that means...

Chiba: It can't be...

Tamaki: There's no way! 
Lelouch: Schneizel has surrendered to me. 
As a result of this, I am now in control of both the Damocles and F.L.E.I.J.A. 
weapons. 
And even the Black Knights no longer possess the strength to oppose me now, if anyone dares to resist my supreme authority, they shall know the devastating power of the F.L.E.I.J.A.s. 
Those who could challenge my military rule no longer exist. 
Yes. 
From this day, from this moment forward, the world belongs to me. 
Lelouch vi Britannia commands you! 
Obey me, subjects! 
Obey me, world! 
Jeremiah: All hail Lelouch! 
Soldiers: All hail Lelouch! 
All hail Lelouch! 
All hail Lelouch! 
Announcer: And now, just coming into view, is the 99th and sole emperor of the Holy Britannian Empire, His Majesty Lelouch vi Britannia. 
Our emperor also carries the distinction of being CEO of the Black Knights as well as the current chairman of the U.F.N. 
supreme council. 
And look at this, too. 
Those who foolishly opposed Emperor Lelouch are being transported to the execution grounds. 
During the latest great war, the capital Pendragon was destroyed and countless soldiers sacrificed their lives. 
Among them, Sir Suzaku Kururugi, the Knight of Zero. 
Now that the E.U. 
has ratified United Federation of Nations charter, the emperor has allowed us to complete the grand task of unifying the world! 
Glory to His Majesty Lelouch! 
All hail Britannia! 
All hail Lelouch! 
People: Glory, my ass. 
People: This is just a dictatorship. 
People: Anyone who disobeys them gets killed! 
People: Shh! 
If the wrong people hear you, they'll kill your entire family! 
TV clue: I can't believe we have to broadcast this and call it justice. 
Rivalz: Lelouch, is this what you wanted? 
What you set out to do? 
To control the world? 
To control every person in it? 
Rakshata: None of you were very bright. 
If you hadn't disobeyed Lelouch at that time...

Nina: We had to move into the future. 
Rakshata: Hmm. 
Cecile: It's through repeated successes and failures that we advance. 
That not only goes for science, but people as well. 
Lloyd: But that's evolution. 
Rakshata: You mean progress, don't you, Earl of Pudding? 
Lloyd: About that name you call me, are you still bitter? 
Rakshata: I could be. 
I could be not. 
Nina: What's up with them? 
Professor Lloyd and Miss Rakshata. 
Cecile: Hmm? 
Nina: Did something once happen between them? 
Cecile: It's hardly worth mentioning. 
And when I think back on it now, it wasn't anything at all. 
It was just a starting point. 
Villetta: Ohgi...

Cornelia: Do that and you'll play right into their hands. 
Villetta: But he is... 
Soldier: What is that? 
Rivalz: Zero? 
Nunnally: Zero. 
Tamaki: Zero? 
Kallen: That's him? 
But Lelouch is over there! 
Kallen: Was that it? 
Was that what Lelouch and Suzaku had to do? 
Jeremiah: Cease fire! 
I'll take care of this interloper! 
Onward, mask's knight. 
Lelouch: Impudent fool! 
Lelouch: Suzaku, you have to kill me. 
You must promise. 
Suzaku: You're going through with this? 
No matter what? 
Lelouch: As planned, the hatred of the whole world is now focused directly upon me. 
And now the only thing that remains is to get rid of me and finally break the cycle of hatred. 
The legend of Zero wasn't dead. 
It lives within the hearts of the Black Knights. 
Schneizel will serve Zero also. 
With this, the world will gather not for an exchange of force but for an exchange of open dialogue around one table. 
Mankind will be able to move forward into the future. 
Suzaku: And that...

Lelouch: Yes. 
Suzaku: ... is the Zero Requiem. 
We both realized it back in Cs' world. 
We knew how humanity was longing for the future. 
Lelouch: Hey, Suzaku. 
Geass power is similar to a wish, don't you think? 
It's a request to someone to give you the power to achieve what you can't on your own. 
Suzaku: A wish? 
No. 
Lelouch: Yes. 
And I'm going to grant a wish called Geass to all the people everywhere. 
For the future of the entire world. 
C.C. : Lelouch, the price you're going to pay for using your Geass on them is a dear one. 
Lelouch: The only ones who should kill are those prepared to be killed. 
Suzaku, you're going to be a hero now. 
The messiah who saved the world from Emperor Lelouch vi Britannia, the enemy of the world, as Zero. 
Suzaku: Lelouch...

Lelouch: The punishment for what you've done shall be this, then. 
You will live on, always wearing that mask serving as a knight for justice and truth. 
You will no longer live your life as Suzaku Kururugi. 
You shall sacrifice the ordinary pleasures of your life for the benefit of the world. 
For eternity...

Suzaku: This Geass, I do solemnly accept. 
Nunnally: Lelouch, are you...? 
You mean... Everything you've done until now... Oh, big brother, I love you. 
Lelouch: Yes. 
I... 
I destroy the world and create it anew. 
Nunnally: You can't leave me! 
You can't! 
Please open your eyes, big brother, please! 
Big brother! 
Cornelia: Lelouch the demon is dead! 
Free his prisoners! 
Jeremiah: This isn't good. 
Everyone, retreat! 
Tohdoh: Is that... no, I think it is...

Kallen: It's Zero. 
It's him. 
It's Zero...

Nunnally: It's unfair... All I wanted and needed to be happy was to be with you... How can I ever look forward to the future without you...

People: Zero! 
Zero! 
Zero!... 
Kallen: Well, Lelouch. 
The world's gotten a lot better since that eventful day. 
All the energy that was once expended on war has now been directed toward solving hunger and poverty. 
As expected, all sorts of hateful and evil deeds have been blamed on you. 
Maybe that's because people find it a lot easier to accuse the person with a name rather than a piece of technology called Damocles. 
Perhaps that's putting it too simply. 
But whatever the reason, the world is free of the past and it's finally able to move forward into the future now. 
I wonder if you're laughing right now about how everything went according to your elaborate strategy. 
Nevertheless, there're still plenty of problems we have to work out for ourselves. 
But even so...

C.C: I said that Geass was the power of the king which would condemn you to a life of solitude. 
I think maybe that's not quite correct. 
Right, Lelouch? 
----------- [ED] 
